"DNA?" Javier asked. The ME met his gaze, eyes twinkling. "Oh yeah. And lots of it." "Oh, I"m listening," Ryan said with a grin. "Well, there were male epithelials under her fabulously manicured nails, but I"ve got at least three other donors." Ryan and Javier exchanged a look. "Define donors," Ryan requested. "I"ve got saliva and semen," Lanie replied, checking the notes in the folder. "Multiple donors for both too. From the looks of things our girl had multiple sexual partners just before she died." Ryan"s eyebrow went up. "Are you telling us this girl was in an orgy?" "Dude, Castle would love this," Javier couldn"t help exclaiming. He shook his head as he and Ryan exchanged a look. "We"re going to have to go back and talk to all of those tenants." Ryan nodded, already moving towards the door. Javier hung back, accepting the file of lab results as Lanie made her way back to her coffee. He looked almost nervous and she cocked her head to the side as she picked up the cup. "Somethin" on your mind, Detective?" "Actually, Lanie, yeah." Now she was truly curious. Javier rarely called her "Lanie", preferring some sort of reference to her medical degree. "Everything okay?" "I"m thinkin" I owe you," he said. "For Broadway and all. And for our body." Lanie felt warmth trickle down her nerves. "Our night did get cut off." "So, I"m thinkin" dinner tomorrow," he said, his voice low. "I may be able to swing that," she replied, hoping she wasn"t blushing. Javier grinned. "Excellent. I"ll call you." He took a few steps, then turned back to her. "See you around, Lanie." She hid her smile behind her coffee cup. He still brought her coffee and now he"d invited her to dinner. Maybe the previous night had been a date after all. And maybe it had gone so well he wanted another crack at it. Lanie allowed herself to grin as the doors to the morgue swung shut behind the detectives, nervous anticipation swirling though her stomach. It had been a long time since she"d been truly nervous about a date. Then again, it had been a long time since the prospect of a date with a guy had meant as much. Couple of quick scenes for you guys to get the case off the ground and the next date. Good times. And as you can see, due to sexual references the rating"s popped up, but because we"re not going to be explicit about it, it shouldn"t have to be raised again. Thanks to you guys who are so super excited about the idea of this. It"s kind of cool that there"s been a whole bunch of people enjoying this. The next one"s going to take a couple of days due to the fact that I have a crossover to work on and nothing written for the next chapter. I"ll get it up ASAP though because I want to see where I can get on the Hamptons. Back in New York Chapter 4 I Dare You . . . . . Lanie forced herself to take a deep breath as she looked into the mirror. Javier would be by her place soon and she had to admit, she was nervous. Tonight, she knew, was a real date. There was no question about it, no ifs, or maybes. There would be no Jenny or Ryan to substitute conversation if it faded and no easy diversions if things started falling apart. Just her and Javier and whatever date idea he"d thought up. She forced herself to breathe as she reached for her cosmetic bag. She was starting to feel the pressure. First and foremost, they were friends. And their friends were friends. If things went wrong, if it turned out that dating wasn"t going to work for them, things were going to get awkward. Not to mention that they worked together on a regular basis. The last thing she wanted to do was ruin their friendship because things got awkward between them. Knowing that she wanted to keep the friendship there added extra pressure on the night. But Lanie Parish wasn"t one to back away from the first sign of difficulty. As a woman who had basically raised her four younger siblings while her parents worked multiple jobs to keep the family afloat, she"d been through her fair share of personal pressure, not to mention the stress of medical school. This, however, was totally different and she knew it. None of those thoughts were comforting her at the moment. She genuinely liked Javier and she really did want the night to go well. Then again, there was the potential that all of the internal panic was for nothing. Most of the reasons the night was terrifying her were also reasons why the date could be actually fantastic. They were friends, so they didn"t have to go through the awkward getting-to-know-you questions, and didn"t have to worry about bringing up difficult topics of conversation because they already knew where some of those boundary lines were. She knew and understood being called away for a crime scene and she knew she didn"t have to watch what she said about her job. She was comfortable with Javier and as much as it was terrifying, it was comforting too. That didn"t stop her from jumping when he knocked on the door. She put on the best smile she could as she opened the door, making a show of eyeing him from head to toe. "Evening, Detective." "Back at ya, Doc," he answered with a wide smile. Lanie preened at the appreciative look in his eyes as he took her in. He"d texted her that afternoon to ask if they were still on and subsequently inform her that the dress code for the evening was casual. So, Lanie had donned jeans to battle the cool June wind and a lightweight pink tank, a sweater tucked in her purse if she got cold. She"d topped the look off with her favourite pair of black heeled boots she"d bought on impulse when she and Kate had gone shopping just after Christmas. Javier had chosen jeans as well and a t-shirt that showcased the muscles of his chest. Her smile turned a bit more genuine as she caught sight of the bright red flowers. "Those for me?" "I know I said casual," he replied, holding them out to her with a chuckle, "but my ma would have my head if I didn"t bring a girl flowers on the first date." "So Broadway didn"t count?" Lanie cursed herself as soon as the words were out of her mouth. She hadn"t meant to say them and she definitely hadn"t managed to sound surprised and maybe a little hurt when she did. But Javier"s mouth quirked up in amusement and pleasure and she felt some of her embarrassment fade. "First official date, then." She knew, despite her best effort, she was blushing. "Come on in while I find a vase." A few minutes later they were stepping out onto the street, their arms brushing as they walked. Lanie found herself chewing her lip. "So what"s the plan?" Javier grinned. "You trust me, right?" "Have you been talking to Castle?" she retorted, her eyebrow rising. "I can plan a surprise date without Castle"s help," he shot back, stepping to the curb to hail a cab. She shook her head in amusement. "Who says I even like surprises?" "You"ll like this one," he told her, sliding into the backseat of the cab after her. "You"re pretty sure of yourself." "Nah, just confident in you," he answered with a wide grin. "In me?" she inquired, a smirk playing about her face. She thanked him when he held the cab door open for her and slid across the back seat. They briefly discussed the case - the boys had discovered their victim was part of a swingers club, explaining the multiple DNA donors and cementing the idea that Castle would have loved the case - as the cab inched through New York"s traffic. They pulled up along the edge of Central Park and, after battling quickly over who would be covering the cab fare, Lanie found herself waiting for him on the sidewalk. He grinned and took her hand when he reached the walk. "Tell me, Doc, how do you feel about street meat?" It was her weakness, the indulgence she didn"t let herself partake in often because of the sheer amount of grease. She matched his grin and his stride as they headed along the street. "I could go for a sausage." With all the fixings. Javier laughed as they started walking again and Lanie herself wondering if he knew about her weakness. Twenty minutes later, their idle chit-chat had faded with their hot dogs and silence settled over them. She could feel the nerves creeping up in her stomach as the conversation died and she blurted the first thing that came to her mind. "Truth or dare?" "I"m sorry?" he asked, taken aback as he crumpled his napkin. "You heard me, Detective," she replied, injecting sass into her voice again. She felt the butterflies recede as she met his eyes with a sly grin. "Truth or dare?" Javier considered her a moment before his eyes dilated and a slow smile spread over his face. "Truth." Lanie paused a minute, thinking. They were friends, but that didn"t mean she could just dive into the deep questions. "What was your favourite TV show as a kid?" "Scooby Doo," he answered after his own moment of thought. He neatly divested her of her own crumpled napkin and headed for a nearby trashcan. When he made his way back to her, he held out his hand and pulled her to her feet. "Your turn. Truth or dare, Lanie?" Her stomach warmed at the use of her first name. "Truth." He asked his question - what superhero would she be - and she gave her answer - Catwoman, because she was as much a hero and a villain and it reflected her personality so well - and they continued that way as they wandered through the park. She broke the pattern first, just as they came up to the fountain in the conservatory. "Truth or dare?" Lanie felt her lips quirk upwards in her well-practiced smirk. "Dare." "You sure about that, Doc?" Javier asked, an eyebrow arching upwards. "Wouldn"t have said it if I wasn"t sure," she answered, her smirk still playing about the corners of her mouth. He paused, looking around until his eyes rested on the fountain. "I dare you to put your bare feet in the fountain." "That"s tame," she teased, even as she released the hand he still held to use his shoulder for balance while she removed her shoes and socks. "I figured with our close ties to the NYPD we should avoid dares Castle would be proud of," he responded, watching her pick her way carefully to the water. She admitted to herself she was intrigued by the idea that he could come up with dares that would make Castle grin. The writer"s devilish streak was legend, to their close-knit group of friends, the NYPD and, more appropriately, the general public. Even so, Lanie laughed as she dipped her toes into the water. It was a terribly logical theory, after all. "So, how long do I have to do this?" "Until your next turn," he replied easily, picking up her socks and boots where she left them at his feet. "In which case," she said with a wide smile and a twinkle in her eye. "Truth or dare?" They learned a lot of little things about each other as the night moved on. Lanie learned he"d been raised on Disney movies and had received first prize in his junior high science fair. Javier learned that, even in heels, and with a boost due to her petite stature, she could climb trees effortlessly and that while she loved all three of her younger siblings, it was her youngest brother, the second youngest overall, that she was closets to and doted on. They continued that way through the park, exchanging stories with new ease. "You"re kidding!" Lanie exclaimed, laughing heartily after Javier recounted a story of Ryan"s first day on the job. "Nah. And you know your girl"s reputation precedes her. Did even then," he responded with a wide grin. "Spillin" coffee down her front and on the casefile?" She burst into laughter again. Javier was still grinning when her laughter died down. "Your turn." Her laughter was still in her voice and in her eyes as she chose "dare". She saw something spark in his eyes before he stopped, pulling her around to face him. "I dare you to dance with me, Doctor Parish," Javier challenged. "Without music?" But sure enough, he started swaying back and forth with her. "I didn"t take you for a romantic." "I"m not," he answered, his grin widening, "but you, Lanie Parish, are." She blushed. "You play it off well," he allowed, "but I"m a detective. And you wouldn"t have fought so hard for Beckett and Castle if you weren"t a romantic." It hit her then, sharp and quick as lightning, that he"d been watching her, paying attention to her a lot longer than she"d thought. She met his gaze, vaguely aware of the flattered blush sweeping over her cheeks. "You"re an observant man, Javier," she murmured. He shrugged, a little bit of self-deprecation in the movement. "You"re an intriguing woman." They swayed for a few more minutes before he took her hand. A comfortable silence had settled over them for the first time since their night had begun and it stayed that way as they headed out of the park. They didn"t say anything in the cab ride back either, though anticipation grew between them, fluttering through Lanie"s stomach from tingles in her toes. Their hands stayed entwined for the ride and there was no question when they reached her apartment as to whether or not he was going to walk her to her door. As they walked down the hall and Lanie could see her door coming closer, she broke the silence. "Truth or dare?" Javier met her eyes as she made no attempt to go for her keys. "Dare," he answered as they stopped in front of her door. She faced him head on, her free hand coming to rest on his very well-defined bicep. "Kiss me." "I didn"t hear a dare in there, Doc," he replied with a grin, even as he stepped closer. She didn"t hesitate. "I dare you-" He didn"t wait for her to finish before he lowered his mouth to hers. Lanie wrapped her free arm around his neck as she returned the kiss and his arm wrapped around her back. Heat lanced through her blood, but neither made a move to deepen the contact. He eased back, looking at her, his hand flat against her back, thumb stroking in small circles. "I had a good time tonight, Lanie." She chuckled as her hand stroked over his shoulder and down his arm again. She reached into one of the front pockets of her purse, easily extracting her keys. "Me too." "So," he murmured. "Again?" Her hand, keys and all since her other was still tangled with his, fell to her hip. "Are you asking me on a second date, Detective?" "A third, actually," he corrected. A genuinely happy smile slid across her face, pleasure sliding through her. "A girl can"t turn down an invitation like that." Javier smiled as he leaned in again and pressed a lingering kiss to her cheek. "Night, Doc." "Night Detective." Lanie slid into her apartment and flipped the locks. Then she took a deep breath, letting it out slowly to tamp down the excited butterflies in her stomach. She was wired, riding a high. A third date. She really liked that idea. This isn"t proofread to my usual standards, so mistakes are totally mine. I usually go back and read my posted chapters within a few days of putting them up, so if there"s glaring mistakes, I"ll fix them then. There"s a big part of me that thinks they both crossed the line into OOC category. If you agree with that, I apologize. I keep trying to justify it the same way any Aaron Hotchner sweet side is justified in my head, and that"s that we don"t see this personal side, so we have to make it up. Maybe the next date should be super competitive, what do you think? If you"ve got competitive ideas, I"m listening. We"ve got some Kate, some Ryan and some serious teasing coming up next, so it should be a good time. Review if you"re still with me? Back in New York Chapter 5 The Infamous Coffee Metaphor . . . . . A week. It had been a week since their date - second date - and they hadn"t been able to make time for a third. It was driving him nuts. It wasn"t like they were out of contact. Oh no, there was a constant barrage of text messages and he"d almost made it a point now to bring her a coffee when he stepped out for lunch. He didn"t have to, he knew that, but he enjoyed seeing her and he enjoyed seeing her eyes light up, even if it was only for the coffee. He didn"t even blink twice when he"d stepped into the morgue while she was half way through an autopsy. And it wasn"t like they hadn"t tried. They"d planned it twice. The first time, Ryan had called him to say they"d found a lead in Rosalin Nettles" death. He"d got caught up in the leads the forensics, the financials... Lanie had been understanding, but he still felt terrible. But karmic payback kicked in when they"d been about to leave the precinct and Lanie had been called in on a body. Remembering the way she"d sworn, loudly, still made him grin. It was one of the things he liked best about Lanie Parish. One second, she was a refined medical examiner, killer on the stand when she testified and lethal when armed with lab results and autopsy findings. The next minute she was a classy and sophisticated woman, smart and sassy and maybe a little bit out of his league. Then she vamped and became the tough as nails woman born and raised in Queens that could swear like a sailor and probably take him out. She was a chameleon and though she didn"t necessarily keep secrets, she was an enigma in her own right. What almost pissed Javier off more was that they were down to their last legs. They"d been running for a week, trying to stay ahead of the swingers club that had the closest connection to Rosalin Nettles without success. Their original suspects, Brad and Anne Mills, had corroborated each other"s story about being together the night Rosalin was killed. Apparently, the thrill was in the idea, rather than the actual action and when Javier and Ryan had questioned the other members of the club, they"d agreed that though the Mills showed up to the parties, they always left together and never so much as kissed another remember of the club. The fact that Brad Mills didn"t match any of the semen samples Lanie had recovered had quite neatly eliminated them from the pool. Michelle and Alan Corners had been their next suspects. Well, more appropriately, their teenage daughter Kylee who had learned of the swingers club. They"d happened across that piece of information almost by fluke when Michelle came in for questioning with a bruise forming on her cheek. Kylee admitted to discovering her father and Rosalin Nettles in bed together and while she seemed to be okay with the idea of swingers - though neither Javier or Ryan could understand how a teenager would be okay with their parents sleeping with other people - Rosalin was quite obviously a pain in the girl"s side. And Kylee hadn"t made a secret of how snobby she thought Rosalin was. But that lead had gone cold when three other teenagers told the same story of Kylee being at a sleepover the night of Rosalin"s death. Which left them with Rosalin"s husband, Jonah, and the self-proclaimed leaders of the swingers club, Evangeline and George Parrington. The process of elimination meant that it had been just yesterday Javier and Ryan had pulled together the phone and financial records for the Parringtons and both Jonah and Rosalin Nettles. It had been quite the discovery. Financial records for George Parrington showed a number of motel and hotel charges to his credit card, while Rosalin"s phone records showed an inordinate amount of calls to George"s phone. Jonah maintained he didn"t know about the affair when they"d talked to him that morning, and Evangeline had offered to stop by the precinct later in the afternoon. They hadn"t been able to get in contact with George. But they would keep trying, and in the meantime, Ryan and Javier had stopped for lunch. "Know what though?" Ryan was saying as he crumpled up the wrapper for his sub. "If the Parringtons started the club, I can"t see them being pissed about Rosalin having an affair with George." Javier snorted. "You don"t think they could get territorial?" "It just seems weird that they would, you know?" Ryan replied as they left the deli and headed down the street. They had a routine and it included a coffee stop. "Your money"s on the husband." "Yours isn"t?" "Nope," Javier replied as they cued up in the coffee line. "Lanie said the first couple of blows could have been because our perp wasn"t strong enough to kill her in one. My money"s on the Mrs." "Evangeline Parrington? Okay, I"ll give you that killing is probably not in her repertoire, but you seriously think she killed over an affair?" "Oldest and purest motive," Javier pointed out. "Sex." "I don"t know," Ryan replied with a shrug as Javier stepped forward to order coffee. "She doesn"t strike me as the jealous type. Or the killing type, for that matter." Javier quickly ordered his black coffee and, half out of habit and half because he wanted to, he ordered Lanie"s daily latte. He stepped aside and caught Ryan shaking his head. "What?" "Dude, coffee? Again? How many times is that?" Javier wasn"t about to admit it was daily. Not to Ryan. "A few." "A few? No, bro. A few would be once or twice, not daily for a week." "How do you know it"s been daily?" Javier asked, injecting disbelief into his voice. Ryan was probably his best friend, but he wanted to keep things with Lanie quiet for a little bit longer. They worked together and he didn"t want Ryan to go spreading it around until Javier was sure it was heading somewhere.$&*&*&$"Are you insane?" She"d subconsciously taken a step closer to him. However, he mirrored her step backwards. "I"m not finished. You deserve more answers than that." This new found honesty shocked Sara enough to keep her mouth shut. However, he stopped, rubbing a hand over his face and sighing, partly in anger. "Do you have any idea how much danger you"re putting yourself in?" he whispered to her, taking another step away and increasing the distance. "When you didn"t know, you could tell the truth. I don"t want you to lie, Sara." They both knew it was pointless. He"d involved her in his plan from day one. That"s when it all started to slip into her mind, puzzle pieces falling snugly into place. "I was a tool." Her voice was detached as her mind tried to absorb the information. "The doctor was a tool," Michael stressed. "It would have been easier if it wasn"t you." Anger rushed hot through her veins at his words. "You used me." Michael turned away from her, bracing one hand on the wall and knocking his head against the white. She made no move to stop him. "You used me." "I didn"t want to." There was harsh conviction in his voice and it forced her to take an involuntary step backwards. "If it was anyone else, this would have been easier," he repeated. "But it"s not anyone else, Michael, it"s me. What the hell is going on?" "I built this place," he said, voice just loud enough for her to hear. "I know these walls and I know the infirmary is not only the closest to the walls but the weakest point of the entire place. I needed constant access." "Diabetes," she filled in promptly. "I got shots in here every day, I could look around, pay attention. I had it all planned out, down to the letter. I didn"t factor in you." "What?" Half of her brain understood what he was saying. Nevertheless, the more rational part argued that there was no way she as a person had destroyed his plans. "You weren"t supposed to treat me with compassion. I needed a shot every time, that was it, but you tried to make this place better for me, as if I had something in here worth while." He still hadn"t faced her, his body still facing the wall. Tears of disappointment and frustration were welling in her eyes, telling her something had to change. "Michael, stop talking in circles." She hadn"t meant for her voice to come out as pleading as it did, but the words had slipped out anyway. "I came in here to break out my brother. From day one, that was my goal and I was going to use this place to do it. I had to have daily access, to be able to come in here and look at the place, to understand what was going on and I needed to do it as unobtrusively as possible." "Your diabetes and my trust in you. We"ve been through that!" "I didn"t need your trust, Sara, I needed the doctor"s trust." "Where"s the difference?" "You"re the difference." Now he"d turned, his intense eyes fixed on hers. He moved towards her, almost as a predator stalking his prey. "I didn"t expect the compassion, the caring." Then he stopped. "I denied it, ignored it, but then you were so cold today..." She was awed at the raw emotion in his voice. It wasn"t normal for Michael to be so emotionally out of control, yet here he was, his eyes suddenly downcast, refusing to meet hers. "Just spit it out," she said softly, knowing the tears were leaking into her voice. He looked up at her again and she knew all of her emotions were written on her face like a book. Sure, she"d been angry when she"d found out Michael"s "wife" had stolen her keys. She"d been horribly upset when she realized Michael had been lying to her. Still, it was uncharacteristic of him to want to make amends like this. She"d confronted him a million times, begging him to tell her exactly what he was doing. Every time he"d shrugged her off with a vague answer. Katie had tried to tell her a thousand times that she was in love with him. Sara was too headstrong and stubborn, refusing to believe what the nurse was saying. Still, she was standing not two feet from him, knowing her eyes were telling of her hurt, her anger and more importantly, her love. "I wasn"t supposed to fall in love with you." He"d said it so quietly she wasn"t sure she"d heard it but the rawness in his voice told her to make him say it again could be torture. It made sense now, all he was saying. He needed the access, not the compassion. If she had been cold and detached through the whole thing, just trying to get him in and out as fast as possible, she was sure they wouldn"t be standing in this situation now. But it hadn"t worked out that way. She"d reached out to him from day one, reading his file when she couldn"t understand what he was saying to her. Now it made sense. "Why didn"t you say anything sooner?" she asked, knowing subconsciously that no matter how much she may yell at him now, it wasn"t going to make a difference. Plus, if she wanted to help him he had to know he had her undying support. Because she loved him too. "Telling you would be putting you in danger. I don"t want you to lose out over this. This isn"t your fight." "It became my fight the minute you walked through my infirmary doors," she shot back. "You know that." "Sara..." "No, Michael. Despite how illegal it is to break out of prison, neither you, nor Lincoln deserves to be here." Before she knew what was happening, before she had a chance to register him moving towards her, his lips were on hers. Like that morning, she fell into his embrace, allowing herself to get lost in his kiss. "Why do you have to be so perfect?" he whispered to her when they broke away, his forehead against hers. She chuckled softly. "I"m in love with a convict," she answered. "How perfect is that?" He pulled away from her, looking down slightly into her eyes. "I didn"t want to lie to you," he told her truthfully, and let is show in his eyes and the gentle way his hands stroked her back. She nodded. "I know." Then he looked into her face, his eyes pleading. "You"ll wait for me?" It was a paraphrase of the question he"d asked earlier that morning. "I"ll wait for you," she told him, conviction heavy in her voice. "But only if you promise to behave yourself." He smiled, slightly happy that she"d tried to inject light-heartedness into the conversation. In response, he pulled back from her, letting his eyes trail down her body. "I don"t make promises I can"t keep." He was surprised at how easy it had been to tell her and how forgiving she had been. With her stubborn, headstrong nature he expected her to yell and scream at him, to tell him she never wanted to see him again. Instead, he was sitting on the examination table the next day while Sara prepared his insulin shot. The best part was, it was like nothing had changed. "How are you?" he asked softly, feeling much more open to her than he had originally. She flashed him a content, if shaky smile. "Been thinking," she answered. She"d decided that if she wanted him to be honest with her, she had to be honest with him. "About?" Their tones were low and intimate, something that Sara felt she didn"t mind all that much. Any other time she would have worried about the close contact and personal tones, but after the revelations of the previous night, it was nice to know he hadn"t reverted back to being detached. "You, Lincoln... your plan." She was standing in front of him, preparing to administer the shot. Thus, Michael allowed his hand to rest on her hip under her lab coat. "You"re not going to be around when we leave," he told her and though his tone brooked no argument, he would have been upset if she didn"t fight back. "Where"s here?" she asked, taking her sweet time, enjoying the feel of his hand. "At Fox River, anywhere close to this building." "Michael..." "No." His hand had tightened reflexively on her hip with the increased insistence in his voice. Sara took a deep breath letting it out slowly. "Why do you get to choose? Shoulder." He pulled off his shirt wincing slightly as the burn pulled at his skin. "I shouldn"t have told you..." "Because it"s dangerous, I know," she replied, moving to dab at the red mark. "But if it didn"t matter to me I wouldn"t have pressured you." "Sara..." She met his eyes, defiance and determination written in their hazel depths. "People have been making decisions for me for my entire life, Michael. I need to make one." "Why this one?" Michael groaned, and though Sara was aware he was groaning to himself, she felt the need to answer. She"d thought about this conversation late into the previous night, after he"d left, and up until she"d seen him walk through the infirmary doors. "Because this one affects my life as much as yours," she told him softly. That shocked him. His eyes met hers with curiosity and wonder. "What?" "If you get out of here," she explained quietly, "who"s left? It would mean letting you go." He caught her hand, the one not holding the gauze she was using to remove the excess skin on his burn. "I"ll come back for you," he promised her simply. However, she shook her head. "It"s not enough," she told him, removing her hand from his to continue her work. "It has to be enough," he insisted. "I"m not going to risk you along with everyone else. Especially not with everyone else." "I know it"s hard, Michael, but you might want to try normal English," she teased. "People are after Lincoln. They"ll stop at nothing to have him as the scapegoat for Steadman"s "murder". Not only that but the people that are coming along when we break out..." "There"s more of you?" "A crew of us," he confirmed for her softly. "And I"m in danger?" "I don"t want you around these men, Sara." "For God sakes, Michael!" she exclaimed softly. Stepping back, away from the distracting man and his hands she busied herself with cleaning up the supplies. "I"m sorry," he said softly. Still, she didn"t turn to face him. Instead, she continued to move around, making sure to keep her distance from him. He allowed her to keep her distance, not moving from where he was sitting on the bed. Finally, she stopped and turned. "How long?" Michael was rolling down his sleeve and looked up, surprised at the question. "I beg your pardon?" She couldn"t face him again, turning and bracing her hands on the table behind her. "How long? When are you leaving?" She didn"t know why she was so adamant about it. It was difficult for her to think about going through her days without seeing him in the infirmary. Since they"d exchanged "surrogate" I love yous the previous day, she"d allowed herself to dream, more so than she had when they were stuck in their rut of unresolved sexual tension. Michael couldn"t tell her the exact day. She would be working days, like she always did, so she wouldn"t, or shouldn"t, be around when they left. It was the main reason he wasn"t going to tell her anything. "I don"t want to lie to you again, Sara. I won"t tell you." Her head dropped forward to her chest. "I"m sorry," he told her softly as he left. It was a couple of days later that she heard about them leaving. Her heart constricted painfully as she thought of them. She truly believed Michael would have thought things out and did truly believe that he would be okay. She managed to hide herself when they questioned her about what she knew. Of course, Michael hadn"t told her enough, only that he was going to break out. She had no problem feeling good about telling the truth. She couldn"t help smiling, however, as she went through her afternoon work, realizing that Michael had deliberately not told her anything, knowing her hatred of lying. "Hey Sara?" Katie poked her head in the examination room where Sara was replacing things that officers had moved around in their search for clues. "Yeah?" she responded absently. "You going to move the flower on your desk?" "I beg your pardon?" "The flower on your desk." "Is it real?" If it was real, Sara was sure it was from her father for some reason or another. If it wasn"t... "No." Her heart leapt back into her throat, a place she"d only recently felt it vacate. She dropped what she was picking up and rushed to her desk, delicately picking up the folded rose. Under it, as she expected, was a note. Sara, You know why I didn"t tell you anything about our plans. I promise to come back for you. -- Michael She couldn"t stop the smile that crept over her face. She trusted him to come back for her. Making sure to put the note and the flower into one of her locked drawers before getting back to work. Over the next couple of months, Michael only sent her pictures of where he was, sometimes postcards if he couldn"t find a good picture from a disposable camera. Once in a while she got an actual letter, detailing what he"d done. Those she hid carefully, wanting to hold onto him in anyway she could. Until he came back for her, she"d hold the letters. She hadn"t been paying attention to much around her, going through her days on autopilot. Thus, when her birthday rolled around, she really hadn"t even been aware it was coming. "I thought you liked to take today off," Katie said when she spotted Sara. "Why would I do that?" Katie looked at her strangely. "Have you looked at a calendar recently?" Sara shook her head, continuing with her morning routine of putting on her lab coat and organizing her files. She"d avoided calendars afraid of the reminder of how many days had passed since she"d seen him. "Does "Happy Birthday" mean anything to you?" Sara paused, then glanced at the day calendar she"d carefully avoided, just outside the office. Her shoulders sagged. Had it really been almost a year? It felt like longer. She"d been living off the little contact she had with him for as long as she could remember. Now, her birthday had rolled around and the hopelessness that curled through her chest made her wish she"d taken the day off. She knew he wasn"t going to come. "Do you want the day?" Katie"s voice broke through her thoughts. Sara sighed. "I"ll leave at lunch," she decided finally. "I made it this far, I might as well stay for a bit." Lunch managed to come faster than Sara had wanted. With a heavy sigh she packed up her files and, with a wave to Katie, left the infirmary. Her car almost snuck up on her and she unlocked it without thinking. Instead, her mind was focused on the fact that she was about to spend her birthday afternoon on her own. The box outside her door made her roll her eyes. She assumed the box was the birthday present from her father and was pretty sure it was just cursory. Still, she brought it into the apartment, setting it on the coffee table and moving to her bedroom. When she stepped out, her eyes once again alighted on the box. With another roll of her eyes she grabbed the box and set it on her lap. It was then she noticed there wasn"t a return address. Her heart rate picked up and her stomach dropped to her toes. Michael was the only one who sent her things without a return address. She grabbed a knife from her kitchen drawer and sliced through the tape with eager, shaking hands. The lid slipped off easily and the contents made her gasp. The entire thing was filled with folded roses. Tears sprang to her eyes as she shuffled through the multi-coloured paper. She was amazed at the sheer devotion. It would have taken hours to fold and perfect the sheer number of flowers in the box. She was surprised by the ringing of the phone. Absently, she picked it up. "Happy Birthday." A smile slid across her face. "How many are there?" she asked, now only allowing the tips of her fingers to graze the edges of the paper. "500." Sara sighed. "Plus the 500 you sent me a couple of weeks ago... you"ve been busy." "That was for the day-" "You walked into my infirmary, I know," she said. They were silent for a few minutes. "I miss you," she said softly. "Soon," he promised. "We"re working out the kinks now." "You aren"t coming here..." She heard him sigh. "We did it, Sara. All of the hiding... it"s going to pay off." It was her turn to sigh, contentment weaving through her veins. "When?" "Next two weeks," he responded. "Keep an eye on the news." "That big?" "Bigger." The word made her shiver pleasantly. "Will I know?" "Without a doubt. Love you." She smiled. The words flowed from his lips much easier than they used to. To her, it was a testament to how he"d allowed her further into his heart. "Love you, too." It really wasn"t that long. She saw it on the front page of the newspapers one of the guards was reading and knew. VICE-PRESIDENT IMPLICATED IN CONSPIRACY Her heart had jumped into her throat at the tame time she felt the same area contract. The result was an uncomfortable choking feeling. She managed to suppress her gag reflex and forced herself to turn back to her papers. Ten days. He"d asked for two weeks and he"d done it in ten days. The news that night was all about the cover up. Lincoln Burrows, Veronica Donovan and Michael Scofield flashed across the screen more times that she was willing to count. She was surprised at the intricacies, the twists and turns the case had taken. When the knock sounded, they"d just gone to a commercial. She groaned as she stood. There went her peaceful night of puzzling and overanalysing the entire situation. "This had better be damned..." Her voice trailed off as she looked at the man on the other side of her door. They stood silently for a few moments, taking each other in. "Hiya stranger," he finally said softly. A gentle smile spread across her face. "Hiya back." She opened the door wider, allowing him to step through. He saw the news still flickering and smiled. "You guys were busy," she said, still speaking softly. She was subconsciously afraid that talking any louder would ruin the feeling of comfort that had spread through her system. Sure, there was an underlying sexual tension, but it was buried under layers of relief and contentment too think to allow it to come through with any effect. She led him to the couch and sat down. He followed, facing her and ignoring the still blinking television. He knew the story anyway. "Tell me," she requested softly. He knew what she was asking and sighed heavily. "Does it matter?" She just waited expectantly for him to start. "What do you want to hear?" Part of him was happy they hadn"t done anything physical. To him, it spoke of a much deeper connection that did not need the physical aspect to make itself known. The way they knew what the other was talking about was testament enough. "Took us a week to get over the border," he started. "We had a few set backs." "Who made it?" Her fingers were crawling towards his. He pretended not to notice. "All but T-bag. We let the authorities find him." She nodded. "We worked from there. Veronica would send things to us and we combed through it all..." "All of you?" "Linc, LJ and I. The others..." he trailed off with a shrug, indicated he wasn"t exactly sure what had happened to them all. She smiled in understanding. "So that"s it?" "I go back to my life," he agreed. She hummed in acknowledgement. "Where are you going to go?" she asked, too fearful to include herself with him. Still, they way they"d just chatted about his life after the escape had felt remarkably like discussing the day over dinner. "Where do you want to go?" "Me?" "You didn"t think I wouldn"t want you as part of my life, did you?" The question was rhetorical and earned him a sheepish smile. "Lincoln?" He shrugged. "We don"t talk about the future." "Too busy with the present." It was a statement of understanding, but he nodded anyway. He gently picked up her hand, trailing the tips of his fingers over her knuckles. She watched, transfixed by the delicate brush and the idea that he was actually there with her. "Are you still running?" She felt him tug her closer and moved with it, sitting so his knee was brushing against hers. "No. Lincoln and Veronica visited your father this morning." "My father?" He smiled sheepishly, well aware her relationship with the Illinois governor was not the greatest. "I told them not to..." "He said..." "Yeah." It came out confused. Her tone had indicated that she didn"t expect her father to let him off. She shook her head in disbelief before twining her fingers with his. "What?" "He interrogated me about you after you escaped," she explained. "It didn"t sound like he was overly fond of you and the possibility of a relationship." His eyebrows knit in confusion. "I guess..." She shrugged helplessly. "Everyone interrogated me. God, even Pope and Bellick!" She was getting agitated, something he was feeling particularly guilty for. "Sara..." "It wasn"t the interrogation as much as the implications," she continued as if she hadn"t heard her name. ""Did you have a relationship with any of the escapees?' Or even worse, "Did you and Scofield go at it?'" He knew the last one would have come from Bellick and felt a protective, possessive anger seep into his control. "I told you..." "They belittled it. Everything I did at Fox River came under review." He pulled her closer as tears welled in her eyes. The world of pain he"d so obviously caused her churned his stomach painfully. "Michael," she said after her sobs had subsided. "I want to get out of Illinois."