I made it all the way to the boat times they had scheduled for the month and thought about leaving. The time I"ve been here, 1 DAY I felt embarrassed and like I made a major fool of myself already. I made my decision and signed my name for tomorrow after school. I felt so bad that I signed where I was going as The Uncharted Isles, where cavemen and cavewoman live, so since they all make fools of themselves, I figured I would fit in perfectly. I walked into the girls dorm and packed all my bags as soon as I made sure I was alone. I took the bags into the school building and hid them in a completely separate and hidden room. Then I made sure I had the spare key to get into the building after it was closed. I went back to the dorms and tried to act cool; I was kind of nervous. "Hey guys, I"m kind of tired so I"m going to bed a little early." "Ok," they said. "Bye," I said. "Bye?" Chaz asked suspiciously. "Oh.... I mean goodnight." ~ Later ~ I had not yet fallen to sleep. Tonight"s activity for the boys was talking about who they were taking to the Halloween dance. I listened closely to what they were saying. Buddy whispered and said he might be taking Liberty and I giggled. I got out of bed and decided I had my friends here and I couldn"t leave. I crept through the halls and opened the door, heading to where the boat would be waiting the next day. I erased my name and all, and quietly entered the school building. I got my luggage and ran out the door. I forgot to return one thing: the spare key. But I didn"t know that. Just as I was entering the dorm, Travis asked Chaz who he was taking. He whispered, but I could still hear him: "Arya. But don"t tell her, she doesn"t even know I you know what her." I was deliberately good at mimicking voices. In Summer"s voice, I said: "Busted," and ran to the girls room. Conveniently, Summer was just walking past the room but Chaz opened the door just as Summer was saying "Hi Arya," and Chaz saw both of us. "Busted," I whispered under my breath, out of breath. "ARYA! I thought you were asleep!" Chaz said scrambling to get into some "cool position" I was, but I heard you guys were talking about who you"re taking with you to the Halloween dance next Friday. Confess, I heard you say it anyways." By now, all the girls had gathered around. The boys were asking the girls they had chosen. Travis said:"Summer go to the dance with me, please?"she giggled and said yes. Buddy confessed saying:"Liberty, go with me!" "Chaz, embarrassed, asked me, before he could finish I said yes. His warm, playful smile tinkered with me and I kind of stared into space for a minute. All the boys had asked all the girls. All had a dance partner. Except Lindsey, who rushed to our room, crying and locking the door. I ran to the main school building and got Roz"s attention. "Oh, did you hear about the new student enrollment?" Roz asked. "Or did you just want to wake your teacher up in the middle of the night?" "Lindsey"s the only one who didn"t get asked to the dance. Is the new student a boy?" "how did you know?" Roz said. "He"s actually a friend of Lindsey"s if I recall, and he"s coming in the morning... his name is Nathan Frankfurt... now go to sleep ..." Nathan Frankfurt.... Is he a hot dog? Doubt it, I thought. In my dreams that night- or in my nightmare, should I say, it wasn"t my favorite thing. "Chaz? Where are you?" I called frantically. "over here, Arya." I ran and found Chaz. "Now!" he screamed. I will attack you! You shall die!" I woke up. Chaz was mischievously staring down at me. "Chaz, I guess your gonna say this now," I cleared my throat and mimicked his voice. "Got you scared there, huh Arya?" "GEEZ your good at that," the real Chaz said. "Hey want to turn the school building into an awesome party place for the dance tonight? What is with Lindsey! She left you three," Chaz said pointing to the snoring Lib and Summer, "On the couches." "Yea," I said sitting up. "I probably won"t be able to move my neck for a while. No wait! I can poof a back machine in here, at least!" "and?" Chaz said. "A foot massager..." I grumbled. ~ in the school building. "So I put the dance floors over here?" I said. "Yup, and what about the DJ stand right here?" Chaz said pointing. "Cool," I said."We"re done." Chaz and I ran outside, just in time for the early students (Summer and Travis) to come in. They saw us and clapped for joy at the perfect party location. Shortly after, Lindsey went inside and the rest of us (Chaz, Roz, Lib, and Buddy) went to the boat to wait for Nathan. We saw a boat arrive and a boy with dark hair and tan skin walk off the boat. "Yo," Nathan said. "I"m Nate, now, where"s Lindsey I"m going to surprise her and ask her to the dance." "Inside," I said. ~ inside "Oh my gosh Nate! Is that really you?" Lindsey said, being pulled into a tiny hug. "Yup, your buddy from the Capital Island." He looked at me."Hey, aren"t you- aren"t you .... Duchess Beverly"s daughter? We all thought you were dead!" "No ... I"m not her daughter. I was born on Cowboy Junction. She lives in Cutopia!" I said "No Arya.... You are the daughter of Beverly." Roz said. My jaw dropped. "That means ..." "You"re grandfather is King. King Roland. You"re father is, indeed dead." "He"s what?" I said. AN: hehehehhehehe drama has just begun. You see the little blue button that says Review This Chapter? Yea, that one? Click it, I need reviews like a celebrity needs fans. Thank you! Chapter 3 "My dad"s what?" I said. "Dead. In a car accident." Roz replied. I ran off and slammed the bedroom door and started crying. "C"mon... remember ... 14 years ago, I"ve got to at least of seen my dad!" I saw a vision of a friendly man, with brown hair and reddish sparkling eyes. Next to him I saw Duchess Beverly and next to her a sweet looking girl with brown hair and pink eyes. Then I realized what I had to do. "Arya? You have to get ready for the dance! It starts in a half hour! I got my purple dance dress and my Halloween shawl, and quickly changed. When I exited the room Chaz held out his arm and said: "shall we?" I laughed. "we shall." I saw Lindsey, extremely happy with Nate. As we entered the school building, we saw Roz DJing the party. Chaz and I danced for a while then he went to practice stunting. I took a last glance at him and ran to a waiting boat. "Name?" asked the man allowing us aboard. "Arya Hills" I said. "Beverly"s daughter, eh? Climb aboard." I found an empty cabin. I opened the door and took a seat when something hard bumped my legs and made a frightened high pitched sound. I could recognize the voice anywhere... "Summer? " "Arya?" "What the. ..... what are you doing here?" I said. "Going away from school. I want to explore! GIMME AN E! GIMME AN X! GIMME AN-" "I get the point. Where are you going?" "Cutopia. I guess same for you?" "Yea. But now I regret it, Chaz is probably worried." "No duh. Same for Travis." ~Meanwhile..... "Where"s Arya?" Chaz asked Travis. "No clue. Wheres Summer?" "Dunno. They ditched us or fell in the water." "Probably. Well, they"ll come back." "I hope they do." Chaz said. ~Meanwhile.... "Summer. I had a vision and saw my dad... mom and some other girl. I think shes my big sister.""We"ll just have to find out.." Summer said. ~ later "Welcome to Cutopia, please get off in a single file line and have a nice day!" the captain said. As Summer and I exited off the boat, we noticed we were the only ones. An overly cute looking girl called out: "BEVERLY! 2 NEWCOMERS!" A woman exited a castle and came right over to us. "are you two from the academy? " "yes," I said. "we are here for Halloween break." "Names?" Beverly asked. "Summer Smith and Arya Hills," Summer said. Beverly"s eyes widened. "Aryakins?" Summer let out a loud giggle. I had a confused face. "If you loved me so much then why did you leave me behind?" "Then I was a peasant and your father had a job. But your father got very sick and died that winter, a week after your birth. I could no longer afford you and left you to Rusty. I went to look for some work and became leader of Cutopia, but I could not leave the island, so I could not come for you." Beverly said. "Wow. So I guess you"re my mom. But do I have a sister? Was she 3 when I was born?" "Maura? Yes. She is 17 now. Shes hanging out with her best friend now. You also have a brother, who was adopted a month ago. His name is Daniel and he"s about your age." "Cool. Well, can my friend and I stay for the break?" I asked. "Yes, of course, now you must meet your siblings and maybe they can go back with you when you leave. "MAURA! DANIEL! COME MEET YOUR SISTER!" I saw 2 people running towards us. Maura"s eyes widened. "ARYA! DANIEL, THAT"S ARYA!" 2 other people started to follow. A Goth looking girl and the girl I had seen telling Beverly of our arrival. "your majesty," the small girl said curtseying. I shook my head."You can call me Arya." "Aryanna, as well." Beverly.... Uh I mean...err mom said... I cleared my throat. "I go by Arya...." The little girl smiled. "Hi, Arya! Nice to meet you! I"m Poppy, and this is my sister Violet, but she goes by Vi." Poppy"s sister was the Goth girl, and she began to speak. "Poppy goes by Poopy." "I DO NOT!" Poppy exclaimed. I smiled, looking at Poppy. "You remind me of someone..." But no one had noticed, and I realized no one heard me."Um.... Hello?" I asked. No one looked up. "No one can hear you...." came a voice inside my head. "Who are you?" I asked. "I do not know anymore..... all I know is that I needed you...." "LEAVE ME ALONE!" then everyone looked up. "Arya, are you all right?" Maura asked. "yea... I"m fine... just thought I heard something." They all nodded as if trying to understand, and kept their eyes on me for a few minutes. When they looked away I could feel my soul being taken from my body. "You will be punished....." I tried to scream, tried to kick, tried everything but nothing worked. I could feel the last bit of life starting to tear off me. Then they all looked up and saw me... and whatever the thing holding me was. They started screaming and pulling until I could see no more, and fell into a deep sleep. I sat up and saw Chaz staring down at me. He smiled. "Need a hand?" he asked kindly. I grabbed his and he pulled me up. "Where are we?" I asked. "The Secondary world." Cool. So wheres my mom?" "Your mom?" Chaz asked, looking confused. "Yes, Beverly Hills....." "Who in the world is Beverly Hills?" Chaz asked. "Queen of Cutopia.... Don"t you know her?" "Nope," Chaz said, shaking his head. "and where the heck is Cutopia?" I cringed. Not exactly the sweetest secondary world. "anyways," Chaz said grabbing both of my hands tightly until they bled. "LET GO!" I screamed. There was no longer a Chaz facing me. I was staring at a scary ghost. The one I had seen right before I left the real world. I gasped. AN: how did you like the chapter? How will Arya escape this "Secondary World?' find out in the upcoming chapters. Until next time -KatieRose224 Chapter 4 I started running from the ghost but it was no use. He was twice as fast, and he caught up really quick. "Make one more move and I"ll keep you in this world forever. I looked around me. Everything changed. There was no more grass. No more anything. Just dust. And most importantly, no one was there. Just me and this cold-hearted ghost. "What do you want?" "What do you THINK I want? I want a wife. I want you to marry me." I gagged. Marry you? You don"t even have a face, and plus, you"re probably 4000 years older than me." "Marry me, and I will take the form of Chaz, and all of this will become a better life, you will be surrounded by humans." "And if I don"t marry you?" I asked, quietly. "First, I"ll kill everyone you knew and loved in the real world. Then, everyone else will slowly fade away. Lastly, all of this turns back to dust." "Then I don"t have a choice....." I said. Then my face brightened. "That"s it! This is all a nightmare!" I started pinching myself, until my arm bled."Or... maybe not." "Naturally." The ghost said, his shape shifting into Chaz"s form. "Um....Chaz? I have one request, though." "And that is?" the ghost, who will now be called Chaz said. "You know my friend, Summer from the real world?" "Yes?" Chaz said. "Can you at least bring her over? Or I will not marry you." "Very.... Well..." he said reluctantly, then he flew away, returning a moment later, carrying Summer. She ran up and hugged me. "Summer, I"m so sorry.... I just couldn"t be alone..." "Its ok, Arya, but how the heck will we get out of here?" "I don"t know.... What did my mom say after the ghost took me?" "Ummm.....she started crying and made the kingdom all dark and dreary...kind of sad when you think of it. She burnt her pink dress and castle into flames." "Oh...." I stuttered. I suddenly got an idea, but it would hurt 2 people"s feelings. "I have to break up with Chaz...." I said. Summer looked confuse. "Yea, you need to break up with THAT Chaz, but not with the real Chaz. You 2 are the best stunters and I- and others cant see you without each other. Don"t break the wonderful life you have outside this world." "it"s the only way out. Your phone has 5 minutes on it in this world. May I use it?" "Yea...." Summer said reluctantly. I dialed Chaz"s number. "Hello?" his voice came from the other end. "Chaz...." I said my voice shaking. "Arya! Thank goodness!" "Chaz.... We"re over.... I"ll explain next time I see you...." There was pure silence from the other end so I just hung up. I started crying as mist formed around Summer and I and we landed back in the real world. I looked around me. My mother and other Cutopians cheered as Summer and I stood. "Look," I said. "As much as Summer and I would like to stay, we need to get back to the academy fast. I"ll see you later," I said curtseying and pulling out my wand. "I"ve never done this before, but ready Summer?" She nodded and the others waved as we left Cutopia behind. A few seconds later Summer and I landed feet first on the academy grounds. "That was AWESOME!" Summer said. Then she broke into cheer. "A-W-E-"I stopped her. "That"s enough, Summer.... I"m not in the mood." "Right.... Summer said slowly. We trudged slowly to the dormitories and saw the door was wide open. Everyone but Chaz ran out and started hugging me and Summer. Then they all became serious. "Arya..." Travis said quietly. "Chaz is leaving the academy...." I gasped. "I need to talk to him." I ran inside the dorms. "Chaz?" once I found him I hugged him gently. "Go away, Aryanna..." Chaz said. "I needed to explain...." I said quietly. "WHAT? THAT YOU WERE STUCK IN SOME WORLD AND YOU ABSOLUTELY HAD TO DUMP ME?" I looked at his face, feeling hurt. His face softened slightly. "I have a witness..." I said quietly. And Summer automatically entered. "She had to do it, Chaz! She was kidnapped by a ghost and I slowly followed....." "Oh...." Chaz said. "So.... I guess the best we can do is be friends....." I said. "Too late.... The boat is taking me. Its here, and I have to board it." Chaz lifted his suitcase and slowly walked outside and climbed on the boat. The others all walked in and patted me with sympathy. "where"s he going?" I asked. "Capital Island, and the largest island." Buddy answered. Nate and Lindsey nodded. "We all came from there," Lindsey said pulling Nate and Buddy toward her, then letting Buddy grab his sister Summer. I took out my wand and pointed it towards a couch. "ACCIO!" the couch landed in front of me, and I sat down on it. My friends all looked confused. I shrugged. "I watch and study Harry Potter spells." I lie down and don"t get up for a while. ~8 months later "Well, lets get packing!" Summer said. We were going home for summer vacation. Everyone was giving out last minute gifts as their boats pulled off dock. I was heading to Capital Island to visit my grandfather and to find Chaz. I sighed. "its too bad.... Chaz"s parents probably hate me by now...." My friends studied my face. Then Travis flinched. "My boat is here, I"ll see you guys in 3 months! Say hi to Chaz for me!" Travis ran out of sight. Now the small groups of students traveling to Capital Island were left. I saw a graduating male student pull out a stick... something that looked like what I carried in my back pocket. He was, indeed a Wandolier. I pulled my wand out. "Since when did other Wandoliers attend the academy?" He looked down at me. "Um.... I was the first. Apparently you"re the second..... Oh.... I"m Flint, nice to meet you." "Arya. Nice to meet you as well." Flint dropped his wand and bowed. "Princess Arya!" "oh.... No need for that princessy garbage." "Fine...." Flint sighed. "Well, we better go say goodbye to Ms. Roz now...." We all ran up to her, and the graduates spoke to her for a few minutes. "Well, Arya, see you when you get to capital island!" he took out his wand and sent him and his friends floating into the sky, and out of the academy. Roz smiled at me. "Don"t worry, Arya. I"m sure everything with Chaz will be fine. I"ll see you next year!" I nodded, and each of my other friends spoke to her for a little while, until Roz nodded and me and my buddies flew off and out of the Royal Academy for the summer. AN: don"t worry! This story is no where near the final chapter. This one just finishes Arya"s first year at the academy. The upcoming chapters will show bits of the summer and then its back to the academy whether its with or without Chaz. Until next time! -KatieRose224 Chapter 5 AN: ok guys, I lied in the last chapter. This is the last chapter of this book. I have too many books to update. I am sorry if this is an inconvenience... Summer pounded on Chaz"s door until his mother finally opened it. "Oh.... Well come right in but I"ll doubt he"ll let you see him." "I"ll handle this," I said, walking up the stairs. I registered Mrs. McFreely"s voice in my head and spoke it, while knocking on Chaz"s bedroom door. "Chaz, open up!" "It"s open..." Chaz mumbled. I slipped open the door and converted back to my normal voice. "Chaz...." I whispered, "Er..." "Oh... it"s you Arya. How was the rest of the school year?" "Um... fine... what were you doing anyways? I mean you were out of school for 8 months... and...." I asked awkwardly."I was being homeschooled..." "Oh..." I muttered and looked down at my feet. "What are you doing here, Arya?" Chaz asked, his back was turned to me... the fact that he was trying to ignore me was obvious. "I wanted to talk to you.... look you know the whole story." "Yea...I guess I could move on..." My face slowly brightened. "And we"ll always be buddies!" My voice changed to a deep voice. "Umm....soo..." I slapped my hand over my mouth. As I muttered something I could hear my voice becoming mine again. Chaz choked up a laugh."Arya what was that about?" "I d-didn"t do it...." "Chaz"s smile slowly faded. "Whadya think it could be?" I sat down. I knew the answer but I couldn"t believe it. "The voice.... I think it was my fathers...." "But he"s dead, how"s that possible?" "I wouldn"t be able to do that voice if he was dead..." Chaz slapped his hand on his forehead. "Great.... Now you"re going all Nancy Drew on me....""That"s not the point. Look, I only have 3 months to figure this out....and if I don"t before then, I could humiliate myself in front of the class! I"m going, but you can come along if you want..." Chaz stood up and followed me out of his room, and out the house. Later "Grandpa? Are you sure that THIS was my father"s voice?" I said using the deep voice I had scared myself with. "IS. You need to know the difference between was and is, my granddaughter." "Wait what?" "Your dad is right there...." He said pointing at a little mouse. "Huh?" "Turn him back. Say abracadoobie!" So I did, "Abracadoobie?" I mumbled. What did this have to do with turning my dad into a human...? A handsome man with brown hair and red eyes rose from the ground, a surprised expression was painted across his face. "Who the heck are you?" he asked me I gulped, my dad sure had a way with words, "Err... you"re daughter?" I muttered awkwardly He laughed, "Yeah right... you"re not my daughter. She"s much shorter and... well she"s just a little baby unless Maura went blonde..." "I"m not Maura, she"s seventeen years old... my name is Aryanna Hills and you"ve been a mouse for fourteen years." His mouth dropped open, "I was an under grown rat for fourteen years?" "Yup." I muttered Chaz, who was standing behind me, was frozen in place; his mouth had dropped open in an amusing expression. I turned to him. Bye, Chaz...." He nodded, and left. "See you around sometime." He said. But you want to know the truth, right? I never personally met him again, but all I know is he married another stunter named Grace. Then after having one kid, he left as another would"ve been born. Then he became a professional stunter, which I was very proud of. Everyone else, well, I have no clue... I, well I got my own kingdom. I never returned to the academy. But, while it lasted, it was a wish that came true. AN: do you think it was a sweet ending? I enjoyed this story, but I couldn"t keep it up. I had too many stories to update. So I keep eliminating and finishing stories. Special thanks to CrazyRandomGirl, for being a great inspirer. And to reviewers, who, though very few, were a great help to my stories. The End$&*&*&$"JULIET! WE"RE OVER! I TRIED TO TELL YOU THAT, I"VE MOVED ON! I CAN"T GO OUT WITH A VAMPIRE ANYMORE! I LIKE EMILY!" justin said "FINE, JUSTIN! AND I"VE GOT MASON! YOUR SISTER DUMPED HIM LONG AGO!" Juliet said. She stormed out of the house and never came back. Emily walked into the room. "You dumped Juliet for me?" "Yea, I did." They smiled and then they walked out the room. Alex"s POV "Yea Stevie I am ...." "So am I" Stevie said. Alex gasped. They hugged. Alex would miss Harper, but she gained a brand new friend anyways. This is the final chapter of my middle school days story. The next story will be from Katelyn"s POV! Enjoy the epilogue! Epilogue... School had gone by so fast. Justin was going to high school with Emily, Max and Katelyn were coming to my school, and Juliet was somewhere in this world, hanging out with Mason. Oh well, I"ll make the best of seventh grade, and Harper, well, hopefully her parents divorce wouldn"t keep her in Timbuktu for the summer. Wish me the best! A/N I hope you enjoyed the stories conclusion, the second story in this series will be from Katelyn"s POV and third Emily The fourth, I don"t know yet. Plz keep reading all my stories, and now the dedications and special thanks. Dedicated to: DrakeFan077, and all my friends Special Thanks to: All of my reviewers, CatPokemonFuzz, MNM and GIR means FRIENDZ 4EVA, Kaylee Seville, and Cywiz. Thank you everyone for supporting my story, the entire time. I hope you read the next book! Title: Katelyn, a middle school wizard. Please read! Conclusion: I thank everyone. It was so much fun writing this story! I will miss being the roll of Alex, but I hope you will like Katelyn"s story all the same! Goodbye! Chapter 1 "ALEX" Justin yelled, yanking the covers from my bed. "GET OUT OF BED!" "Geez, Justin. Let me guess: You haven"t had your gummy vitamins?" I asked. "They are healthier than your junk!" "Uh- huh. Hey aren"t you supposed to be dressed? I"m not the only one starting school you know." "Hey at least I got out of bed before you!" Justin defended himself. "KIDS!" mom called from the kitchen. "IT"S MAKE YOUR OWN MEAL DAY!" Create your own meal day was the best. You got to use your magic and make your own breakfast, lunch and dinner, so mom didn"t have to cook 7 days a week. "COMING MOM!" Justin and Alex both pulled out our wands and with a wave of their wands, they were instantly dressed. Alex waved her wand again and her bed was made. Alex and Justin met their youngest brother in the hallway. "Hey Max." Justin greeted him. "Um, hi?" Max replied. "Hello, Alex, Justin and Max." Both Alex"s mom and dad greeted them. "Make your breakfast." Mom said. Alex made pancakes with strawberry syrup. Max and Justin made waffles. The kids ate until not even a crumb was left. Alex glanced at the clock. "Justin, time for school!" she said. Max was still in elementary school, 5th grade. "Yea lets go," said Justin. "Have fun in 6th grade Alex! Good luck with 8th grade Justin!" -Middle school at Hankens Middle- Alex ran to the front office to get her locker number. "Alex Russo?" said the lady at the desk. "Yes." Alex said panting. "Your locker number is 228. Here is your ID card." I ran out the room and headed straight for my locker. "285, 286,287- ah here it is!" Alex said. Two lockers away, she saw her best friend standing by her locker and taping photos up. Alex placed her books in her locker and walked over to where Harper was standing. "Hey Harp," Alex said. "Hi, Al," Harper replied as she smiled. "Where"s your schedule?" Harper asked. "Right here," Alex said as the girls exchanged papers. "It looks like we have science, art and lunch together," Harper stated. "Yea." Alex replied. And science is first period. It starts in ten minutes." Alex walked back to her locker and started putting magnets up-photos were inside of them. The first day of kindergarten, Alex"s fifth birthday, and a family picture. Alex put her deep blue bag in her maroon locker. She grabbed her science book and walked to science class with Harper. They opened the door and sat next to a girl. "Hi." She said. "My name is Angie." Alex and Harper introduced themselves. "Nice to meet you, Alex and Harper." Then class began. "Good morning, class. My name is Mr. Leftwich. He said as he scribbled it on the black board. They learned about basic things and Mr. Leftwich gave them a project. They would team up with a friend and give a report on their choice of science material. It would be due a week from that day, Tuesday. The winning group from that period would go on to the science fair, and go against the other winners from the other periods. Alex went through all the periods until art, fourth period. Alex loved art. She drew differently from anyone else. Art was where she fit in most. She found out her art teachers name was Ms. Gray. Ms. Gray was so nice. She let Alex draw whatever she wanted. "I love those people, Alex," was one example. Art was how Alex expressed her self. And then it was time for lunch. Alex bought a tuna sandwich and ate happily with Harper, who had spaghetti. All the rest of the day consisted of math, lab, study hall, and history. Then it was finally time to go home. Harper and Alex took the same bus. They walked to their lockers and grabbed their bags, then they got on the bus and headed home. A/N K this is completely different for me so plz give me nice critique if any. Also, compliments are good. Thank you! Chapter 2 Alex and Harper met every day to plan their project. They had decided to work on "The average bean plant.' "Ok," Harper said. "Bean plants are made by planting beans in the ground. Bean plants can be about five inches from the dirt." Harper paused. "We need three more sentences." "Bean plants grow in gardens," Alex suggested. "Bean plants of course grow beans." Alex added to her ideas. "Now we need a good concluding sentence." Harper said. "How about: And that was our project about bean plants?" "That"s great!" Alex said. "Now we need to plan the props. I"ll ask my mom if I could borrow some beans." Alex said running out of the wizards layer. Alex returned a few minutes later. "She said yes," Alex said. "Great," Harper replied. "Hey I gotta go. It"s getting late. Practice your part of the speech kay?" "Got it," Alex replied. "I also can"t wait for Friday. The sixth grade party is awesome. Justin told me." "Lets just hope Gigi doesn"t ruin it. I can"t stand her. She thinks she"s the queen of everything." "Yea." Said Alex. "Bye Harp." "Later, Al." Harper replied. -Alex"s room- "Bean plants are made by planting beans in the ground. Bean plants can be about five inches from the dirt." Alex thought Harpers lines in her head until she got to the part where both of them spoke: "And that was our project about Bean plants." Alex bowed in front of her mirror as if she were in front of a real audience. -Later that night.- Alex curled up under her covers. Now that she thought of it, she was a nervous wreck about the project. She had done Oral Reports in elementary school, but this was middle! What if the others made fun of the project? What if Gigi made fun of it? What if her and Harper didn"t win? Gigi"s group might. Alex just crossed her fingers and fell asleep. -The next day- Harper went to Alex"s house that morning so they could practice one last time. That speech went smoothly though Alex was freaking out inside her head. There was no turning back. Today the project was due. Alex and Harper walked to school, and made it there enough time before first period. Alex quickly gathered her things, pulled out the beans and ran to science. -Science- "Who would like to go first?" Mr. Leftwich asked. "Harper? Would you and Alex come up?" "Our project is about bean plants." Harper said. "Big whoop," Gigi said. "A stupid bean plant. So what?" "It"s a big deal for us!" Alex stood up for her and Harper. "SO WHAT?" Gigi shouted, standing from her seat. :YOUR AUDIENCE WILL GET BORED!" "Girls," Mr. Leftwich said. "Office. Now." "I"ll give your lines," Harper said as Gigi and Alex got kicked out. Gigi glared at me. I glared back. "Welcome, girls," the principal said. "Now tell me: why did you two have a fight in science?" Gigi started talking. "Alex was giving a lousy project on bean plants. No one liked it, so I tried to tell her to stop nicely, but she yelled at me." "Thank you Gigi. You are excused." Gigi left. The principal picked up the phone. "Yes Mrs. Russo. I have Alexandra here with me. Yes... she and Gigi had a fight in science. Ok here she is..." "Mom? Alex said. "Alexandra Russo you are grounded for two weeks." "But mom the part-" "No "buts". Mom said. Alex sighed. Now she was missing the only party in middle school. A/N ok yea poor Alex. I have many plans for chapter 3. I hope you will keep supporting me even though these chapters are short! Chapter 3 "Harper! You made us lose!" Alex said to Harper as she returned from the office. "Hey at least I wasn"t the one sent to the principals office," she said. "Guys just lay off. Seriously Alex my group didn"t win either!" Angie said. "Yea Russo, shut up!" Gigi said as she walked up. "And I"m not the one grounded and can"t go to the party!" Gigi said loudly. People started to turn. "Alex Russo is grounded!" one kid said. "She can"t go to the party!" said another. "Why don"t you just leave Harper and Angie alone, Alex." Gigi said. "Lets go." Harper said to Angie and Gigi. The girls left, now a trio. -Later at the Russo home- "Aw, Alex," Alex"s mom said, feeling her daughters sympathy. "Its ok," she said. "Its just a phase. Harper has probably been having problems with her parents at home again. Just talk with her. She"ll be normal in no time. "I doubt that mom," Alex said, now in sobs. "What"s going on?" Justin said, walking into the room. "Its Harper." Mom said. "She joined Gigi"s group." "Ah, the unstoppable"s," Max said walking in. "Hey Justin," Max said motioning him into another room. -From Justin"s/ Max"s POV:- "Max what is it?" Justin asked. "Justin, I have a plan...." -Alex"s POV:- "Alex, to your room." Mom said. "Your still grounded." Alex sighed but went to her room anyway. Alex pulled out her wand once in her room and said: "Take me from this wretched place, somewhere nice when I awake." As she fell asleep that night, mist formed around her bed. Alex woke up the following morning laying on a flowery bed and had flowers in her hair. Alex focused on the flower, until she could clearly see the flower. A Hawaiian flower. Hawaii? Alex thought. I"m in Hawaii? Wow. "Hola, Alex." A woman said as she came to Alex. "One." Alex said. "How do you know my name and two: Don"t people here speak Hawaiian?" "You wished to come here and yes but you speak Spanish sometimes so we speak one of your languages. Welcome to Paradise." "Awesome!" Alex said. A/N shortest chapter, but it is still a chapter. Anyways, there are gonna be a lot of chapters, so I shortened them. Well, I hope you enjoyed. R&R (read and review) I need them! Chapter 4 A/N Ok I am getting tired of saying Alex this, Alex that so I will now say I instead of Alex, Oh and thank you, Cywiz for reviewing my story in every chapter so far. This Paradise was awesome. Then I heard a voice from the sky. "ALEX! ALEX! JERRY! ALEX WILL NOT WAKE UP!" said the voice. Another voice started talking. "ALEX WAKE UP!" "Whoa what uh buh-" I said waking up. Shoot. It was just a dream, I thought. Back to this world... the one I hate. I sighed. I would not have a happy day. "Alex thank goodness your alive," mom said. And then, the rest of the morning was a blur. I had to deal with Harper so boo for that. Hear was one of my most shocking moments: "Oh hi Alexandra," Harper said using my real name. "Nice outfit. Where did you get it? From your dads wardrobe?" I blew up right then and there. I punched her in the nose. Hard. I thought I heard the smacking sound that you can hear in cartoons. Harper shrieked. "Alexandra what did you do?" Harper said as she sobbed. "Alex how could you!" Angie said. I somehow felt she was still loyal to me, but then I realized she just said Alex because it was quicker to say than Alexandra. "Mr. Martin! Alexandra punched Harper right in the nose!" Gigi said. Then guess what happened. I got suspended for a month and that just meant two months of summer school out of three months in the summertime. While everyone else would be outside, I"d be stuck inside doing homework. Mr. Martin called me that night. "Alexandra, you broke Harper"s nose. It caused some serious discoloration. I hope when you return to Hankens you will have better behavior." Then he hung up. -Justin"s POV:- Max had a good plan. Here, I"ll slightly hint you in on it. We will come to Alex"s rescue. I am not telling you how or when, but isn"t what I gave you enough info? We don"t want you telling Alex anything. Capeesh? Alex"s POV: I cried all night. Missing school would be torture. I hoped Harper hadn"t fully gone to the dark side. I think I"ve lost Angie forever. I haven"t known her as long as I"d known Harper. I haven"t gained my trust in Angie, and all I"d earned seemed to crash down into pieces. Gigi? I never had any trust in her, never will. Its not a threat to all popular "rule the school" types of kids, it"s a promise. You know who you are. That now includes Harper, Angie and Gigi from the group you know. Oh yea, there"s more of them out there, but they"re in Justin"s grade. I"ll know soon enough next year who the seventh grade popular kids are. And when I do, lets just hope Gigi, Harper and Angie aren"t it. Anyways, I fell asleep woke up same scenario as always. No new dreams. Nota. Zilch. No new lands to escape in. Once again I sighed. No school more chores. That was the Russo rule. Unless you were sick. And to sum things up, no magic. This was going to be a bad one-month suspension, I could tell. A/N Ok I know short chapters. But like I said a zillion times already, there will be lots of chapters heheheh will Alex really be rescued? I will start the next chapter ASAP. :D Chapter 5 Anyways, to sum things up, suspension was probably the worst thing that could possibly happen. I did chores I would have never done otherwise. Who washes windows at my age? Ok so you think the window was big. But it was ridiculously small. I knew that was just to bribe me to think: Oh boy this is gonna be easy! Sadly, that "thought" wasn"t gonna happen. Max"s POV: I walked through the hallway to study hall. I could call Justin. It was time for Justin"s free period. "Hey Justin..." I started. Justin spoke. "Yea it"s time." I said. We hung up. Justin"s POV: I walked towards the principal"s office. No, I wasn"t in trouble. If you had heard my side of the phone conversation, you would know why I"d be headed towards the office during free period. "Mr. Lawson? Um, its about Alex." "Alexandra Russo? Your sister?" Mr. Lawson said. "Yes." Justin said. "Harper and her had a fight... but they are best friends. I was walking to math class when I heard Harper say Alex dressed cheaply and that Harper said it came from my dads wardrobe. Alex got mad, and she couldn"t help it. Alex should not be the one suspended. Maybe Alex could come back to school tomorrow and her and Harper could come here to talk to you?" Justin said taking a breath from all that talking. "Very well," the principal said. "I will call your parents and talk to them. Now shoo, your classes start in a few minutes." Alex"s POV: The phone rang and I stopped doing my chore. My mom came into the room and said: "Alex, tomorrow your going to school." "But mom, I"m suspended..." "No your not. At least not after I got that call from Mr. Lawson. He said Justin came to the office and said to give you another chance. You just have to talk to Harper in the office." My jaw dropped. "Justin? My over-achiever creepily smart I-Hate-Alex-Russo brother? Wait- TALK TO HARPER?" "Yes Justin. And yes." Ugh. I thought. Just what I need. To talk to one of the popular kids. Well I returned to school and walked into the office. And then I realized something. The party was that night. The first person to apologize was Harper- the popular one. She wasn"t even dressed fancy or in something Gigi would wear! She was in one of her regular artistic outfits. Harper was back. "Sorry sorry sorry sorry-" Harper said." "Ooh-k. I think I get the point. Well that was awfully simple." I said. "No it isn"t". Harper said. "The reason I got so mad and was "friends" with Gigi was because our parents made us. My mom and dad got so mad at each other for something I don"t want to talk about and my mom and Gigi"s mom are friends so me and my mom went to stay with them. I will tell you the rest of the details later," Harper said as we hugged. Mr. Lawson dismissed us. Apparently we were already doing last period. Woah Harper and I missed an entire school day in an office. On the bright side, my mom came to pick up Harper and I and said Harper"s mom said Harper could sleep over on party night. "Alex.." Harper said when we were completely out of everyone else"s earshot. "I"m ... moving..." Harper said. "That"s what my parents fought about "Moving?" I said. Harper you cant.." "They are thinking either to Timbuktu or not moving. My dad wants to stay, while my mom... wants a new life." The phone rang. "Harper!" my mom called. "Its- its your mom..." Harper ran for the phone and came back five minutes later, tears rolling down her face. "Harper?" I said. "What"s wrong?" "M-my parents.." she said between sobs. "They"re getting.. divorced..." Harper said. "DIVORCED?" I squeaked. "Yea.." she said, no longer crying as I comforted her. "My mom is going to leave no matter what. My dad is still staying. I love both of my parents but... in order to stay with you, I have to stay with my dad. Everything was settled. Mom is leaving next week." I sighed. Poor Harper. A/N Heheh. Poor Harper. Anyways the next chapter concedes of the party. Maybe it will also have Harper"s mom leaving, but that part might be in chapter seven. O. o Chapter 6 Once again, poor Harper. Ok I think this is the third time you people have heard me type it, but I don"t care. Let"s just move on to the real chapter 6 now please? OK. Harper and I sat in my fluffy walled pink bedroom shocked and depressed. Really depressed. I had never heard of such things about people really moving to Timbuktu. I thought it was just in movies! Well, that"s me for you. "Wow." I said. "It"s really happening?" I asked "If you consider my parents finishing up the call yelling who gets the cordless phone then yes." Harper said with a deep, sad sigh. I turned on the radio. "Oh, not again! I cried. Looks like my "twins" song Naturally is playing. Whats the big deal about her anyways? Ok yes! The next song is playing! Awww... does it have to be another Disney channel star? UGH. Why don"t those people get a life?" I said. "OK ENOUGH! ALEX I"M IN A TIME OF DEPRESSION HERE AND ALL YOU CAN THINK ABOUT IS SELENA GOMEZ AND TAYLOR SWIFT! GEEZ!" "Ok Harper geez back at ya." I said. Justin walked in. "Alex mom said you and Harper should tone it down a bit and Harper I heard the news... I"m so sorry." "Thanks Justin." Harper replied harshly. "How"s Juliet?'' She asked still jealous that Juliet got Justin instead of her. And that"s Harper for you! It"s creepy. But believe me. You"re happy you don"t have to live with it. - Later - "Time for the party," I said modeling my silver dress that went just below my knees. I pulled out my hair clip and my hair fell down past shoulders. "Harper came from the changing room and said, "Cool dress," "Same for you Harp." I said smiling and looking at her maroon casual dress. "Lets go. My dad said we could use the wizard teleporter." "In the lair?" Harper squeaked. Since fifth grade, when I had first told Harper about my wizardry, she was scared of it. We ended up having mom driving us. At the very moment we entered, Gigi went past us with a glass of water and Angie walked behind her. "Care for a drink An?" Gigi said. "Oh sure Gigi," Angie walked to Harper and Gigi walked towards me. At the same time, the girls knocked the water on the dresses. "Oops, looks like Alex and Harper had an accident," Gigi said into the DJ"s mic. Snickers came from the crowd and we just left. No point staying here. We went to bed. That conceded the rest of the day. As Harper slept talked, I spent my time either thinking or listening to Harper say, "Don"t go into the light! Don"t! Don"t!" A/N Heheheheh. Yea I decided to put the mother leaving part in next chapter. Anyways, please please please please a gazillion times review! Also, Alvinslittlesister and Cywiz are the best. You rock guys! That was my chapter six shout out. If you review, I can shout out to you too! Oh ugh another rhyme. Where do I get these? Chapter 7! Ah what a lovely sleep I had last night. I slept for exactly 1 hour, 10 minutes, and the seconds I can"t keep count. Harper was acting kind of like a pain. "Hey mom, Katelyn"s here!" Max called. Today his friend was tutoring him. He needed help in social studies and math. Probability. Oh joy, why can"t my brothers be normal? "Alex! Harper! Come to greet our guests!" Mom said.