Rinoa let out a soft giggle. "Okay Uncle Laguna." "As always, make yourselves at home!" Kiros cleared his throat. "Laguna, I believe our guests are hungry." "OH! Yes yes, I"m sorry." Laguna scratched the back of his neck in embarassment. "To the dining hall we go!" They all followed Laguna as he went through one of the sliding doors on the right side of the room. The dining hall was a plain one, though the lenghty table was pleasingly decorated with foods on the table. Rinoa noticed how there were so much dishes served, enough to feed one whole army. "Please, take a seat." Laguna gestured at them as he sat at a chair placed at the end of the long table. He then looked around, as if looking for someone. "Your son said he"ll be joining us in a few minutes." Kiros plainly said. "Ah..." Laguna gave out a sheepish smile. "Well, can"t let our guests wait too long, can we? C"mon now, gobble up! Don"t be shy, just eat... whatever! Use your bare hands if you want!" Rinoa picked up her spoon and scanned all the foods in front of her. They all look tasty and she wondered which one to take first. Suddenly, they all heard the sliding door open and the sound footsteps approaching the table. Rinoa turned her head to see who just came in. And froze on her seat. Tall guy, brown hair, familiar deep blue eyes, scar on his face... Squall entered the room in a semi-formal clothing. He was wearing gray button up shirt with its long sleeve folded halfway, matched with a black pair of pants. His eyes were fixed on the host for that night. "Well, Squall my boy, come eat with us!" Squall... Laguna"s son? Rinoa"s schoolmate turned to General Caraway. "I"m sorry to be late, Sir. There was a task I had to attend to." The General waved the matter off with his hands. "Don"t worry about it. Come join us!" Squall then looked at the girl beside the General. And that same girl looked back at him. Both were shocked to see each other. Their fathers looked at them questioningly. "You two... know each other?" Rinoa"s father asked. "Ah, they might be classmates or something." Laguna chuckled. Rinoa was still staring at Squall. Squall is here. Laguna called him "my boy". He"s Laguna"s son. He lives in Esthar. He"s the son of the President of Esthar? Squall was the first to break the staring contest he was having with Rinoa and turned to her father. "She"s a schoolmate of mine at Deling High." General Caraway nodded. "You study at Deling High?" "Yes, Sir." "Hmm... how do I put this." Laguna began massaging his chin. "Well, he didn"t want to study here at Esthar. Besides, it would be a wrong idea for him to learn with so much gizmos and technology. We decided that it would be better for him to enter a more normal and traditional school. And the best one around is Deling High." Squall walked around the table and sat by his father, while Rinoa"s eyes followed him. "Well, that"s good to know! You have a friend with us tonight!" The General rubbed his daughter"s back, who in turn gave him a shy smile. Throughout the whole dinner, laughs and stories were heard among the four men, while the two teenagers were silently eating their food. Rinoa would take glances of Squall once in a while, but he never looked at her. He only looked at his food and the people around him; General Caraway, Laguna, Kiros, Ward, the maid... to anyone, but Rinoa. And it was getting annoying for her. She wondered what she did wrong to him. She replayed everything in her head, and so far, none of those memories told her of a single possibility that he"ll think badly of her. She was tempted to ask him a question, anything, in front of the four old men and she knew he won"t ignore answering her. But she decided not to, with the fear that she might just embarrass herself. "Lica," Laguna beckoned on the nearest maid. "would you be a dear and bring us some of those booze?" Shortly after, Lica returned with three bottles of wine, and poured some on each wine glass on the table. Rinoa stared at her glass, hoping that it would be alright for her not to drink it before she gets another allergy attack. And for a split second that she didn"t notice, Squall gave her a worried look. Laguna stood from his chair and raised his glass to a toast. "To the youngsters among us!" Everyone else followed suit. All of them gulped the wine down from their glasses, except Rinoa who put hers down the table. She thanked Hyne that nobody noticed. Shortly after, the four old men were getting drunk, almost finishing the two bottles served to them. They seem to be enjoying themselves so much to realize that Squall excused himself and stood up from his seat. Rinoa did as well and followed Squall. Outside the dining hall was alot more silent, and only the clicking of their shoes can be heard. Squall knew Rinoa was right behind him, but he didn"t turn around to look at her, nor to stop her. But the raven haired girl didn"t care, she was more than determined to corner him and talk to him. She followed him as they passed the lobby and the huge living room. Rinoa could swear that she"s getting tired from walking in his huge house, or palace. Squall then entered a room, and with the fear that he might lock it, Rinoa ran her way as fast as she can to get inside, with success. Rinoa closed her eyes and inhaled deeply before facing Squall. They seem to be at a small library, since she noticed that they"re surrounded by books. Her presence was very much obvious to Squall, but he didn"t stop to look at her. Instead, he swiftly took a book from a shelf and sat on a nearby couch. "Okay Squall, what"s your big idea?" Rinoa demanded. But she didn"t get any response. She waited for another moment to pass. "Squaaaall?" She called again, raising her tone on the last letters, but he still ignored her. And she have had it. Rinoa walked in front of him and pulled his book off his hand. Still, Squall didn"t look at her. Instead, he stood up and about to walk away. "No!" Rinoa held him and pushed him back to the couch. "Sit!" That got Squall. He obeyed and he finally looked up at her, as if saying "You happy now?' Rinoa pointed her trembling index finger at him. "Why are you doing this to me?" Squall looked at her for a while. "I don"t want to have anything to do with you or Cloud." "What..." Rinoa was clearly confused. "What did you mean by that?" "If Cloud found out that I"m speaking to his girlfriend right now, we"ll just fight again." "Girlfr- what?! I"m not Cloud"s girlfriend!" "Yeah, whatever. Just leave me alone." Squall turned his head away and waved his hand. "No! Not before hearing what your problem is!" "Then I"m sorry to disappoint you." "Alright, then that only means I"m never leaving you alone." "Why are you annoying me like this?" Squall sat up and looked at Rinoa in her brown eyes. "Why don"t you just follow Cloud like a dog instead, like you usually do?" Rinoa was shocked at his words, and so was Squall. Follow him? Like a dog? I never did that. "I never did that!" Rinoa"s voice was near sobbing. "Of course you don"t." Squall retorted sarcastically. "No, you don"t know!" Her eyes were beginning to get wet with tears. "You don"t understand! None of you people do! For the last time, we"re not dating!" Rinoa burried her face to her hands and sat on the couch next to Squall, who tried not to take in the painful sight of Rinoa crying. It took a few moments before Rinoa said anything again. "If this is about what was happening at the cafeteria lately, then you"re wrong." She said each word between sobs. "Cloud was eating with me because he wanted to protect me from you. Because he doesn"t trust you." She gave out another set of sobs then looked at Squall. She hesitated to say the following words, but since she was already being honest, she decided to get through with it. "He noticed how you"re being too friendly to me, and he thought that you have other intentions other than just being nice to me." She shook her head slightly. "I can"t blame him. I know you"re his rival and all, that"s why he tends to think like that." She squeezed her eyes shut and exhaled at the sad thoughts of it. "I just wish... for this rivalry to end." She began to say her piece. "It"s getting really hard for me... to see two of my friends fight." Squall sighed. "I"m not your friend." "I may not be to you, but you are to me." She shot him with a painful look from her brown eyes and stared at his deep blue ones to stress her honesty to the statement. "To me, you"re a good friend I never wanted to lose." Squall stared back at her. Part of him was glad to hear that she thought of him as a friend, and that was at least enough for him to forgive her. "I want to keep you both as my friends. But with what you two are doing right now, you"re not even giving each other a chance to reconcil-" "No." Squall cut her. "No way am I going to make up with him." Rinoa knew she can"t force anymore of her opinion on him and stayed silent as she let out a few more sobs and wiped her tears with her hands. Squall wasn"t getting any more uncomfortable with the silence. With Rinoa crying because of him while he said nothing very nice all this time, he didn"t know what to do next. It was hard for him to fight the urge of rubbing her back with comfort. "Oh..." He suddenly heard Rinoa"s soft voice. Squall turned to the only company he has in that room, only to see her holding a book in her hands, the same one that occupied his free time. "You read the Purgatorio too." The brunette saw a small smile formed on the girl"s face. "Yeah." Squall turned his head away again... sheepishly. "So, you took my advice, huh." Rinoa turned to look at Squall. "Yeah. You told me you like it, so I figured it should be nice." The young master of the house replied. He didn"t dare tell her that the reason why he began reading it is simply because she likes the whole divine comedy, so he wanted to know more about it. Rinoa giggled, and Squall was surprised by her sudden recovery. "How do you find it so far?" Squall shrugged. "It"s fine." Rinoa saw a folded page in the book, and guessed that it could be the mark of the part he"s up to. She flipped it open. "Hmm..." Rinoa murmured amusingly as she ran her fingers through the page. Squall stopped himself from smiling while watching her. She turned back to him. "You"re getting there." She said as she got herself locked in his deep blue stare, while he stared back at her brown ones. He wanted to tell her not to look at him that way, but there really isn"t any reason why. He knew he couldn"t resist her. He closed his eyes and looked away from her. "I don"t trust Cloud either." He decided to start explaining at least. "I hate him, every part of him ticks me off. But," He looked down to his lap. "I didn"t want this rivalry. I want to do something and end it, not simply accept that it"s just there." Rinoa looked at him as she listened. And while she tried to think of something to reply, she gently closed the book in her hands. She then stood up, walked in front of the brunette, and kneeled to get a good look at his face. Squall saw Rinoa and glanced at her. "Then let"s do it together! Help me end it, and I"ll help you with Cloud. It would be great if you two become friends, though you don"t exactly have to be. But to end the fighting is a good step forward." He hoped that she would take his hand too, like what she did with Cloud, and pat it. But she didn"t. She, on the other hand, wanted to take his hand, but was hesitant because it might make Squall mad for being touched. After all, she doesn"t know him that much. Squall looked at her with his plain eyes. He did not show any sign of anger or doubtfulness, and thought about Rinoa"s idea. He knew it won"t work. It never will. But he couldn"t let Rinoa down either. Squall recalled what Rinoa told him about the book "Inferno" back at the school library. "...it"s better to go through Purgatory"s punishments than remain in Hell forever." Yes, he wanted the rivalry to end, but it would be hard in his part. It would also mean declaring peace with Cloud, which would require him to swallow up his pride. He also knew that it"s always better to do something about it as early as now before it gets any worse, to the point that it can never be fixed anymore. He thought he was facing this fight all alone, even if he has his friends to help him. All this time, he thought he was alone, until Rinoa came along. Someone who would risk anything, even her pride, just to chase him and tell him that she too wanted their little feud to end. Of all people, she who gave him a strange feeling of tranquility everytime... Like now. Rinoa was an enough reason for him to fix things with Cloud. That, Squall was sure about, at least. Author"s Note: Did you think that there are no following events after the dinner from the previous chapter? NO WAY. Of course there"s still more! This chapter fills in some (if not most) things about Squall"s life. As usual, thank for for everyone who tirelessly read each chapter of my story and for those who gave me reviews. :3 And, as usual, I hope that you"ll like this one. ^^ Rinoa didn"t press on Squall to answer her question (or proposal), which the brunette was grateful for. After waiting for his reply, which never came, she decided to re-read her favorite parts from the book "Purgatorio", leaving Squall with no other choice but to read the book he grabbed earlier before his confrontation with the guest"s daughter. Squall was still reflecting on what Rinoa told him, and he was sure for himself that there is no guarantee that he would be able to do such a big thing she asked from him. He would try, of course, but he knew his limits very well, and there"s a big chance that he wouldn"t be able to do it. Years of rivalry doesn"t end so easily. There was also that guilt in Squall when his tactless words made Rinoa cry. He didn"t mean it, It wasn"t logic that made him say that. And it was strange for him, because every word that comes out of his mouth has always been logical. But that one time, just thirty minutes ago with this girl, it was simply... different. And he felt bad that it didn"t turn out too well. For half an hour, they waited together for their fathers to arrived, which will mark the conclusion of the dinner (and the drinking). But it was getting late, and Rinoa was becoming sleepy. She tried to stay up with as much effort as she could, for she knew that falling asleep as a guest at another house or place would be rude. Until her heavy eyes already gave in. Suddenly, Squall felt a weight on his shoulder. He turned around and first saw the black locks of Rinoa"s hair. Then, he looked at her face, to see if she was still awake and just messing around with him, or if she really was asleep. But it seemed to be the latter one. He hesitated for a moment and thought about pushing her back up, away from his shoulder. But her peaceful face was too much to disturb, and so he decided to let her sleep on him. It was a foreign feeling for Squall, that someone would rest her head on him, as if depending on him or counting on him. Though he was usually reluctant, for once in his life he let someone to be that close to him. And it was strange that it had to be Rinoa, his rival"s acquaintance, when he has never done the same with his other closer friends like Quistis or Selphie. He stared at her for another moment, careful to do any sudden moves that might wake her up. Squall wished that she would stir up and turn to the other side of the couch instead, but it didn"t happen, or was never going to happen. He leaned closer, to get a better look at Rinoa"s face, curious of how asleep she really was. But it were those same serene features that met him, which were tempting enough for him... to sleep as well. Squall"s eyes slowly closed, as he felt his cheek rest at the side, on something warmer than the couch. His head was leaning peacefully on Rinoa"s head. If someone, who didn"t know any better, would look at them, he or she will think that they are a couple who fell into a slumber while on their date. That was what Squall saw in him short dream. "Sir?" A female voice called. Squall frowned and grumbled as he turned his head up in response, extremely irritated for being disturbed. "Sir, I"m sorry, but please wake up." The reluctant young master slowly opened his blue eyes and saw their maid Lica standing before him. "Dinner"s over, Sir, and everyone is drunk." "Mmm..." Squall mumbled. "mmmeven General Caraway?" "Especially General Caraway." Of course. Everytime his father invites the General, they would always end up getting drunk. "And as usual, so are Sir Kiros and Sir Ward. They won"t be able to fly our guests to their home tonight." Stupid old men. Squall turned to his side. There, Rinoa was still peacefully sleeping on his shoulder, unaware that her father just forgot all about her. So this would mean the usual sleepover again, with General Caraway and Rinoa staying at Laguna"s palace for the night, since riding the Ragnarok to go back is a bad idea. Flying is never good for drunk people. The brunette was itching to stretch his arms, but it would disturb the girl leaning on him. Then again, he would wake her up anyway, but he planned to do it properly. So instead, he inhaled deeply to take in more oxygen his body needed, which used to be the purpose of a yawn. But Squall never yawns. "Well," He finally began as he faced the maid. "as usual, help them up to their rooms. I"ll take care of Rinoa." "Very well." Lica bowed to Squall and left the library. Squall turned to Rinoa and thought of a good way to wake her up. She isn"t like Quistis or Selphie who he can just shout at to wake up. He felt like he had to be careful with the girl resting on him, but he had no idea how. He tried to recall how people usually wake other people up in movies, but the only way he could think about was shaking, which he thought should work well, better than shouting anyway. Slowly, he put an arm around Rinoa and shook her slightly. "Rinoa..." His deep voice whispered, as mildly as possible. Rinoa grumbled. Squall waited a few seconds until she finally sat up and rubbed her eyes. It was an unusual sight to him, and he found it quite endearing. Then, as soon as he noticed Rinoa turn to look at his hand which was still on her arm, he pulled it away. She then turned her head to Squall and looked at him with her half closed, dark brown eyes. "Are we going home now?" Rinoa mumbled. Squall shook his head. "No. You"re staying here for the night." The black haired frowned. "Why?" she asked in a slightly surprised tone. "Your dad got drunk, and things might get worse if we fly you back to Deling." "Oh." Rinoa finally nodded. She completely understood. "But, I didn"t bring any clothes for tonight." "There are extra ones in each room for ours guests. You don"t have to worry about that." She nodded again and rubbed her eyes once more. "Okay." Squall stood up and faced her. "I"ll take you to your room." Rinoa looked up to him and nodded. She then weakly stood up and followed Squall as they, once again, passed by the wide rooms and reached the lobby where an elevator was waiting for them. As they went inside, Rinoa instantly leant against the elevator railing while she let Squall operate the machine. Then, she remembered something. "What about school?" It"s still Wednesday, a school night. "I"ll wake you up early tomorrow and bring you back to Deling." Squall replied without facing her. "How?" "Ragnarok." "Oh. You can fly that airship?" "Yes." "Is that how you go to school everyday?" "Yes." "But I"ve never seen it land on school grounds." Squall was getting tired of answering and thought about staying silent. Still, he went on anyway. "There"s a car I always bring with me. I land the Ragnarok outside Deling and then use my car to drive my way to school." Rinoa"s eyes widened in amazement. This guy could do anything, she thought. He can rule the world if he wanted to. The elevator stopped with "ding" and the two of them walked out. Rinoa watched in awe as they passed the widest and longest hallway she has ever seen in her life. Large sliding metal doors were lined up, which she assumed are the entrances to bedrooms. Squall"s job was to choose a guest room for Rinoa, and he found it, right beside his own private sanctuary. He stopped in front of it and turned to Rinoa. "This is where I"m staying?" She asked as she looked back at Squall. He nodded. Rinoa stepped into the sliding door as Squall watched it open her bedroom for the night. Then, he saw her turn around to him and gave him a faint smile. "Well, thank you. And goodnight." She nodded at him, then the door closed. Squall stood still for another moment. "I"m sorry." He finally apologized, for the hurtful things he said at the library, for he truly never meant them. But she couldn"t hear him anymore. "And goodnight." It took Rinoa about twenty minutes to find the bathroom inside the ridiculously large bedroom, and another thirty minutes trying to figure out the buttons inside the shower room. After she freshened up a bit, she wrapped herself with a towel and searched the closet for the extra clothes Squall told her about. $&*&*&$ The crown prince already entreated help from the glaives, a last resort he would rather not do as he did not want his father to be anymore involved. But they were heavily outnumbered, and their chances of surviving were slimming to none. It was when Aranea decided to show up with her own infantry jumping from her red ship. There was so much distrust towards her at first, knowing how long she had served the Emperor and carried out his orders. She even almost succeeded at her own assassination attempt at the crown prince, only to pull back and used a lame excuse as "I do not do overtimes." when the battle ran for too long. But she did also express her intentions to leave her post as their hired mercenary afterwards when things got too senseless and chaotic with the Imperials. She was only in for the job and money, not for some loyalty or building a good name in her trade. She still had her own principles that she chose to fight for, as it would appear. That night, however, marked her official defection from the Imperials. She helped them detect the troopers" weak spots with her extensive knowledge about the army, and summoned more fighters under her command to help them wipe out the oncoming hundred more troopers. She healed them, boosted their attacks, and strengthened their defense. She was, for a lack of better words, a true lifesaver. But to the glaives, she was no more than another assassin working for the imperials, a threat to the heir of the throne. And when they finally arrived, with only a few more troopers left to terminate, they immediately cuffed her. They too were in search for the prince"s potential killer under his father"s orders, and chancing upon her at the moment made it all too easy for them. And did she put up a fight, which only made it worse. Prompto demanded not to hurt her, but they had to knock her out cold in order to subdue her. "Drautos should be up there, not her." Noctis hissed at no one, but audible enough for Ignis to hear. He silently agreed. The leader of glaives, no matter how heroic he was at times, did little to save their lives that night. And apparent from his poor judgement for thoughtlessly accusing Aranea, it was clearly likely that he could care less about his duty to serve and protect. They used to trust the Kingsglaives General, but they learned more things over time and not everything was truly what they seemed or believed. The cunning ability for Drautos to place the blame of his mistakes on others was among the list. As they stood at the bottom of the mountain awaiting the arrival of Aranea"s convoy, Ignis glanced at his friends. Prompto"s head was hanging down, while Gladiolus held his high, wearing an unreadable expression and avoiding Clarus" eyes. Noctis was still wearing that frown, his eyes slightly darting as if searching the place for answers until they fell on his father when he walked by. Ignis noticed that even the King"s expression was soft, almost sad and unsure. But he masked it with his regal composure, and maybe intentionally ignoring his son"s glare. King Regis was not known for having a fickle mind. He was often praised for his careful way of making decisions, one of his strengths that prospered Insomnia, and he held that reputation well. Ignis assumed that he overlooked the possibility of Aranea"s innocence because it involved the looming danger for his son"s life. Ignis understood the King"s unwillingness to take risks, and how he wished he couldn"t blame him for it. Aranea"s vehicle finally arrived. They all turned to its direction, watching as guards stepped down and opened the back door where two more guards exited with Aranea in between. She was wearing a long, white dress of canvas material. It was cleaner than the one she was wearing the day before, but still crumpled and not white enough for his taste. He long, gray hair were down, and she wasn"t wearing her usual proud face. How could she when her impending death was just minutes away? Staring at her didn"t convince him enough that she was still the same Aranea that they knew. Her imprisonment and retribution had made her seem degraded. She lifted her head, her blank eyes directed at the slope of the mountain. The glaives marched into positions around her. The executioner and his axe stood behind her. They began their hike. Ignis ran through the last conversation they had in his mind. With his friends" help, especially Noct"s, he was granted access to her highly guarded prison cell. His intentions were to thank her, primarily for saving Noctis" life. She was sitting on a wooden bench, looking up at the small window where sunlight was streaming in. There were no chains on her like what he had feared, but she remained unmoving even at the sound of his footsteps. Ignis followed her stare, wondering what might be enchanting her so beyond that small, limiting hole. Perhaps regrets? Life that she left behind? Freedom? "I wasn"t expecting any visitors." Aranea said over her shoulder, snapping him out of his thoughts. She turned around to face him, a small grin forming on her lips. "To be frank, I never anticipated an encounter with you like this." he said. "Like what? Behind bars?" "Unreachable." "Hmph." Aranea scoffed. "Impossible to reach for anything from this angle. Thankfully it wouldn"t be for long." Ignis looked away and swallowed painfully as he pushed his glasses up his nose. "Hey, no need to feel so guilty." "My friends and I swore to protect the innocent. Yet we couldn"t seem to find a way to protect you." "Don"t sweat it." Aranea dismissed. "I"m not exactly the most innocent. Especially to His Majesty." "We still believe you are far from deserving of what is coming to you." Aranea smiled, a rare sincere one. "Speaking of which, you seem to be the only one who made it down here." "Noctis was distracting General Drautos, and the other two were keeping watch at the entrance. Noct wanted to express his thanks personally, but he couldn"t be in two places at the same time. So he sent me here instead." "Well then, tell him he"s welcome." "I also wish to express my gratitude. For saving our lives. And Noctis", despite being given the order to kill him." Aranea shrugged. "I can"t deny my involvement with the Empire no matter how much I want to, but I can"t deny that fact that there really is an order for his highness" life with a very tempting reward." "Hmm... I"m not sure if I should thank you for defying your orders and the denying said reward." "It doesn"t matter." Aranea said. "I"m already dead, either way." "Haven"t you defected already?" "Oh I certainly did, Specs." Aranea replied, awaiting his reaction for adapting his nickname. None came other than his gaze at her direction. "I stayed long enough with the Imperials to know that they will not hesitate to kill me on sight as much as they"ll do with Lucians." "You command your own army, don"t you?" "Yep. But mine"s just a dirty spot compared to the empire"s military bases. Not to mention, to Lucis" army as well." Ignis paused at the realization how she was cornered by both sides. The charge for her independence had already arrived, and it was asking for a heavy price. Defecting and changing her allegiance both meant the same thing to her- death. To her and her army. "I don"t want my men to lose their heads under my whims just because I couldn"t decide which side I am. Kudos to the King on that part. His mind"s steady as a rock when he makes it up." Ignis slid a hand into his pocket and kept a straight composure after hearing her strong kindliness for her men even when it was her life tossed on the line. "I may be asking you for too much already, but please do me one last favor and forgive yourself. Your men followed you faithfully simply because they wish to. They weren"t following you blindly. I"ve seen how they took action before you even ordered them to. Loyalty comes strong for a good leader like yourself." Aranea chuckled. "Is this my last confession?" "No harm in considering it." "Then, I"m sorry." her tone turned serious. "For getting in your way. For almost killing the prince. For giving you a hard time." "You made up for it and more." Ignis said, trying to sound more comforting. "We are ready to forget it." "Even Prince Noctis?" "He more than anyone." "Even you?" "I"m not so certain." he admitted. "But I confess that I wish I could do more. To at least get you out of this confinement as a start." "Then I take this as a punishment for myself. If it"s too late to redeem myself, then this is the perfect place to do it." A wider grin formed on her lips. "Heh. As if I have any other choice. But at least the solitude"s giving me time to actually think about life." "Any regrets?" "I already earned your forgiveness, so none that I know of anymore." "We haven"t earned yours yet. Not that we deserve it." Aranea"s smile fell. "Knowing how much you guys tried to save me from this, and seeing you here now, forgiveness is the least I could give you." The sharp inhale Ignis took at the sight of her split second of vulnerability almost broke his chest. What have they done to her strength? "Aranea..." he whispered. "I wish I could do more." Aranea gazed at him with soft, sad eyes. "Me too, Specs." Without any word, she stood and walked closer to the rails that separated them. Ignis followed suit and approached her cell, stopping just mere inches from her. She pursed her lips and her brows arched upwards as she looked down and fought her tears. Through the narrow space on the railing, she slid three slender fingers, the most that she could manage out of her prison. Ignis stared at them before reaching with his gloved hands and brushed them gently. He didn"t know what came to him when he slowly bowed and kissed her fingers, but her life was counting hours. He was not going to walk away without giving her one last gesture of human affection. It was the least he could do, and the most at the same time. "I"m sorry." he breathed. "I"m sorry, too." As they trailed uphill in Cape Caem, Ignis remembered how his heart gave away at the sight of Aranea"s tears before leaving. He wished he could stay a little longer and halt the truth from catching up at their moment, but an hour"s visit was the most generous they were entitled with and he had to force himself out. "Any ideas?" Noctis whispered from his side. "Anyone?" "You"re asking now?" Gladiolus hissed under his breath. "I can already see the sea from here." Prompto muttered. "Ignis? Any instruction?" "I"m afraid none." Ignis replied. He could feel his heart beating furiously against his chest as they got closer to the top. It was all too dramatic, the way they decided on a place where she was bound to meet her end. She battled with and took away many lives from the highest of places. And it was only fair that she would lose hers the same way- at the edge of the highest cliff in Lucis. Everyone halted as soon as Aranea had reached her spot, her eyes looking straight into the horizon, her chest moving up and down in the rhythm of her sharp breaths. An overdressed judge stood by, facing the spectators behind her and recited all her charges to justify her sentence under the King"s name. Ignis glanced at Noctis, whose focused face told how he was still running through ways to stop the execution in his mind. They were running out of time. And they were running out of ideas. When he glanced back at Aranea, he only saw her vulnerability. That she was no invincible as she so passionately impressed them with in battles. Stripped of her armor, she was just another woman who committed high treason, and was about to face death for her past. She turned around with a stern look on her face. Even at the face of death, she held her pride in not letting anything get to her. She scanned the crowd before her, remembering the last faces she would ever see as her executioner walked to her side. "No..." Prompto whispered, sliding a foot forward. Gladiolus faced away, refusing to see her this defeated. Ignis studied every detail of her face, her body, her hair... It was going to be the last image he was going to keep of her in his memory. When her eyes fixed with his, everything seemed to stop. He could hear his heart beating with hers at the moment"s pause. Her steely look softened as she released one long, final breath, letting go tears that she had been holding in. "Ignis." The way she said his name for the first time was almost... pleading. Is this how he was going to remember her voice calling for him? The first and last time? With one last bow, she turned back around into the sea. The executioner readied his axe in hand. And then she leapt. Ignis would rather not do anything brash or impulsive, especially in front of His Majesty. Especially if it was against his terms. But seeing her without an armour? Nor any protection? What was going to protect her from the fall? So he ran as fast as he could to the edge and jumped after her. That wasn"t even a cue for an idea, but Noctis took it as one. Quickly, he activated his armiger and warped his way to the pair. In his wake were Prompto and Gladiolus summoning their weapons of choice to hold down the charging glaives. Beyond the cliff, Ignis and Aranea were dropping closer to the bed of rocks, and fast. He was able to reach for an arm and swiftly pulled her closer, wrapping her body safely with his. A split second later, he felt a jolt on his side that pushed them off the rocky area and onto the waters. Ignis and Aranea easily floated to the surface and looked around to find their savior threading in the sea with them. Noctis was looking up the cliff where he could see flashes of gunshots and hear clanging of blades. "Noct!" Ignis called. Noctis looked back. "Ignis! Your glasses!" Ignis felt his face and realized that his eyewear was missing. "Ah, must"ve fallen off somewhere." "Obviously." Aranea chuckled. "You guys okay?" "We are, thank you. Are you?" "Yeah, "course, I"m fine. I gotta get back though." Noctis warped back upwards as soon as he finished his sentence. He immediately regret it afterwards for not bringing Ignis back with him. Eh, we"ll manage, he thought. The glaives were undeniably skilled and powerful, thanks to his father"s borrowed powers. Soon enough, they found themselves back-to-back and surrounded by his father"s personal army. Noctis kept warping, Prompto kept shooting, and Gladiolus kept swinging his sword in their best attempt to push them back and away from the cliff, but they kept on coming back for more. Noctis really regret not bringing Ignis back with him for instructions. Just then, one of the hooded glaives jumped in front of them and began attacking the others. Gladiolus stole a glance of the stranger before turning his focus back on the battle. "What the hell-?" "Don"t worry!" the glaive called back. "I"m on your side!" "Whoah, really? Thanks man!" Prompto cheered. "Just you?" Noctis asked with slight despondence as he struck one glaive. "Hey, we appreciate as much help as we can get." Gladiolus snapped. "Then I"m at your service! Only death can stop me." "Ha! Spoken like a true hero!" "I"ll take that!" "NOCT! BEHIND YOU!" Gladiolus yelled as Drautos, in his heavy armor, was jumping towards the prince. The rebelling glaive warped to Noctis" side and blocked the attack with his kukris. "Ulric..." the general growled between his teeth. "Just... doing the right thing... Sir." Ulric said in his strained voice before mustering all his strength to push Drautos away from the group and sparred with him from a distance. Ulric was shoved to a side and before he could react, Drautos was hovering midair to strike Noctis once more. It clashed with another blade again, but this time, it was the King"s. "Wha-" Noct picked himself up from the ground with widened eyes as he watched his father block an attack meant for him. "That"s enough." King Regis declared in his loud, solid voice. Clarus walked by the stunned glaive that challenged Gladiolus and pushed his blade away from his son with a grin. Drautos quickly composed himself and stood straight before the King. Regis gave him a sideway glance. "I entrusted my son"s safety in your hands." "I believe so, Your Majesty." "Then why were you attacking him?" "For his aid in the convict"s escape, and his contribution to this chaos." "He didn"t contribute to this chaos." Regis said. "I did." Noctis took a step back. "Dad?" "As it turns out I"m wrong in my decisions sometimes, and I regret not seeing it sooner. Your fight to prove her innocence and save her from a wrongful punishment has only proven how much trust you gave to this woman." "That"s all right, Dad." Noctis said, giving his friends an unsure look before turning back to him. "She saved our lives. We only wish to repay it." "Tell me. Is she really innocent?" "Well, not innocent from everything, but I"m counting on forgiving and forgetting." Regis nodded. "I still don"t put all my trust in her, rather I place it in you." "Thanks, Dad." "But," Regis held up a finger. "If she does one thing to break this trust, and all it takes is one, then I"ll be bringing her back to the guillotine." "I"d be hurt by the betrayal too so, sure. Not a problem." Content at his son"s answer, he nodded at the leader of his council. "Clarus, make sure General Drautos here remembers what he"s here for." Clarus gave a courteous bow. "As you wish." "And if he has further problems in how we run this place, he may face me." Noctis looked over the cliff and was relieved to see Ignis and Aranea safely resting on one of the flatter rocks. Behind him, Prompto approached Ulric and patted his back. "Hey man, thanks for helping us back there." Ulric nodded and pulled his hood down with a smile. "Pleasure"s all mine. Nice to finally meet the famous royal entourage." "Prompto"s the name, and that"s Gladiolus." Prompto said, pointing a thumb at a waving Gladiolus. "What"s up?" "Call me Nyx." "Man, you really take pride in those threads." "Fashionable as they come." Nyx shrugged with a grin at his uniform. "Where is the other member of your posse? Is he okay?" "Oh, right, he"s down there." "He sure took a leap of faith." "Couldn"t have said it better, man." Prompto turned to Noctis. "Hey Noct, what"s happening down there?" "Oh, they"re safe alright." Noctis said. "Still working on how to get them out. Or if I should even bother." "Let"s give them twenty more minutes. I think that"s enough alone time." Gladiolus suggested. Below the cliff, Ignis was looking up and wondering why no one hasn"t come back for them yet. He didn"t see the oncoming punch from Aranea toward his forearm. Ignis winced and glared at her, rubbing the sore spot. "There better be a valid explanation for this." "You"re stupid." she said. "I admit I am not usually this brash in making decisions. Also, you"re welcome." "I was supposed to die knowing that I did it for the right thing!" Aranea cried. "Was this all part of your plan? To get yourself caught and die a hero"s death?" "Getting caught was not part of the plan!" "Then why didn"t you hop into your ship when the glaives arrived? You had the best chance of escape, yet you didn"t." "I was helping you wiping out the MTs, remember?" "The glaives arrived to do just that. You didn"t have to linger." Aranea crossed her arms, looking away into the sea that stretched into the sunlit sky. Ignis looked away as well, an arm dangling against his folded knee. "You should not have jumped here with me." she muttered under her breath. Ignis couldn"t help but think how their world kept on shrinking. The more they encounter, the smaller the number of trustworthy people got until he could count them with only two hands, and that included her. Meanwhile, aside from Biggs and Wedge and her army of faithful troopers, she only had them. "Well," he began again. "We do owe you our lives." "You were sorely losing to the MTs." she replied. "I just had to jump in." "Then why did you?" She shrugged. "I just made a stand. If it was the last thing I"d ever do in this waste of a life of mine, then might as well make it worthwhile and epic." "Then I simply stood my ground as well." Aranea scoffed. "Who are you kidding. Your life is not a waste." "Not worthwhile either, if I didn"t make it in time." Aranea"s widened eyes locked with his, dumbfounded at his sudden disclosure. He looked serious, placate, and resolved. She walked to his side and carefully sat by him without breaking his contact. Then, just as she had half expected and half hoped, he gently reached for stray hair on her face, hesitating for a moment before pushing it away when she remained unflinching. It was his chance to be this close to her without anything in between them, after all. A small smile formed on her lips and another scoff escaped her as she shook her head under his green gaze. He leaned in closer until they were only inches away from sealing the moment, his eyes falling on her lips then back to her dark gray orbs. "Heh, and I thought you are the smart one." she murmured softly. A/N: NO FLUFF! Please don"t hate me! Also, before you ask, Cor is nowhere to be seen. As always. LOL!