"JULIET! WE"RE OVER! I TRIED TO TELL YOU THAT, I"VE MOVED ON! I CAN"T GO OUT WITH A VAMPIRE ANYMORE! I LIKE EMILY!" justin said "FINE, JUSTIN! AND I"VE GOT MASON! YOUR SISTER DUMPED HIM LONG AGO!" Juliet said. She stormed out of the house and never came back. Emily walked into the room. "You dumped Juliet for me?" "Yea, I did." They smiled and then they walked out the room. Alex"s POV "Yea Stevie I am ...." "So am I" Stevie said. Alex gasped. They hugged. Alex would miss Harper, but she gained a brand new friend anyways. This is the final chapter of my middle school days story. The next story will be from Katelyn"s POV! Enjoy the epilogue! Epilogue... School had gone by so fast. Justin was going to high school with Emily, Max and Katelyn were coming to my school, and Juliet was somewhere in this world, hanging out with Mason. Oh well, I"ll make the best of seventh grade, and Harper, well, hopefully her parents divorce wouldn"t keep her in Timbuktu for the summer. Wish me the best! A/N I hope you enjoyed the stories conclusion, the second story in this series will be from Katelyn"s POV and third Emily The fourth, I don"t know yet. Plz keep reading all my stories, and now the dedications and special thanks. Dedicated to: DrakeFan077, and all my friends Special Thanks to: All of my reviewers, CatPokemonFuzz, MNM and GIR means FRIENDZ 4EVA, Kaylee Seville, and Cywiz. Thank you everyone for supporting my story, the entire time. I hope you read the next book! Title: Katelyn, a middle school wizard. Please read! Conclusion: I thank everyone. It was so much fun writing this story! I will miss being the roll of Alex, but I hope you will like Katelyn"s story all the same! Goodbye! Chapter 1 "ALEX" Justin yelled, yanking the covers from my bed. "GET OUT OF BED!" "Geez, Justin. Let me guess: You haven"t had your gummy vitamins?" I asked. "They are healthier than your junk!" "Uh- huh. Hey aren"t you supposed to be dressed? I"m not the only one starting school you know." "Hey at least I got out of bed before you!" Justin defended himself. "KIDS!" mom called from the kitchen. "IT"S MAKE YOUR OWN MEAL DAY!" Create your own meal day was the best. You got to use your magic and make your own breakfast, lunch and dinner, so mom didn"t have to cook 7 days a week. "COMING MOM!" Justin and Alex both pulled out our wands and with a wave of their wands, they were instantly dressed. Alex waved her wand again and her bed was made. Alex and Justin met their youngest brother in the hallway. "Hey Max." Justin greeted him. "Um, hi?" Max replied. "Hello, Alex, Justin and Max." Both Alex"s mom and dad greeted them. "Make your breakfast." Mom said. Alex made pancakes with strawberry syrup. Max and Justin made waffles. The kids ate until not even a crumb was left. Alex glanced at the clock. "Justin, time for school!" she said. Max was still in elementary school, 5th grade. "Yea lets go," said Justin. "Have fun in 6th grade Alex! Good luck with 8th grade Justin!" -Middle school at Hankens Middle- Alex ran to the front office to get her locker number. "Alex Russo?" said the lady at the desk. "Yes." Alex said panting. "Your locker number is 228. Here is your ID card." I ran out the room and headed straight for my locker. "285, 286,287- ah here it is!" Alex said. Two lockers away, she saw her best friend standing by her locker and taping photos up. Alex placed her books in her locker and walked over to where Harper was standing. "Hey Harp," Alex said. "Hi, Al," Harper replied as she smiled. "Where"s your schedule?" Harper asked. "Right here," Alex said as the girls exchanged papers. "It looks like we have science, art and lunch together," Harper stated. "Yea." Alex replied. And science is first period. It starts in ten minutes." Alex walked back to her locker and started putting magnets up-photos were inside of them. The first day of kindergarten, Alex"s fifth birthday, and a family picture. Alex put her deep blue bag in her maroon locker. She grabbed her science book and walked to science class with Harper. They opened the door and sat next to a girl. "Hi." She said. "My name is Angie." Alex and Harper introduced themselves. "Nice to meet you, Alex and Harper." Then class began. "Good morning, class. My name is Mr. Leftwich. He said as he scribbled it on the black board. They learned about basic things and Mr. Leftwich gave them a project. They would team up with a friend and give a report on their choice of science material. It would be due a week from that day, Tuesday. The winning group from that period would go on to the science fair, and go against the other winners from the other periods. Alex went through all the periods until art, fourth period. Alex loved art. She drew differently from anyone else. Art was where she fit in most. She found out her art teachers name was Ms. Gray. Ms. Gray was so nice. She let Alex draw whatever she wanted. "I love those people, Alex," was one example. Art was how Alex expressed her self. And then it was time for lunch. Alex bought a tuna sandwich and ate happily with Harper, who had spaghetti. All the rest of the day consisted of math, lab, study hall, and history. Then it was finally time to go home. Harper and Alex took the same bus. They walked to their lockers and grabbed their bags, then they got on the bus and headed home. A/N K this is completely different for me so plz give me nice critique if any. Also, compliments are good. Thank you! Chapter 2 Alex and Harper met every day to plan their project. They had decided to work on "The average bean plant.' "Ok," Harper said. "Bean plants are made by planting beans in the ground. Bean plants can be about five inches from the dirt." Harper paused. "We need three more sentences." "Bean plants grow in gardens," Alex suggested. "Bean plants of course grow beans." Alex added to her ideas. "Now we need a good concluding sentence." Harper said. "How about: And that was our project about bean plants?" "That"s great!" Alex said. "Now we need to plan the props. I"ll ask my mom if I could borrow some beans." Alex said running out of the wizards layer. Alex returned a few minutes later. "She said yes," Alex said. "Great," Harper replied. "Hey I gotta go. It"s getting late. Practice your part of the speech kay?" "Got it," Alex replied. "I also can"t wait for Friday. The sixth grade party is awesome. Justin told me." "Lets just hope Gigi doesn"t ruin it. I can"t stand her. She thinks she"s the queen of everything." "Yea." Said Alex. "Bye Harp." "Later, Al." Harper replied. -Alex"s room- "Bean plants are made by planting beans in the ground. Bean plants can be about five inches from the dirt." Alex thought Harpers lines in her head until she got to the part where both of them spoke: "And that was our project about Bean plants." Alex bowed in front of her mirror as if she were in front of a real audience. -Later that night.- Alex curled up under her covers. Now that she thought of it, she was a nervous wreck about the project. She had done Oral Reports in elementary school, but this was middle! What if the others made fun of the project? What if Gigi made fun of it? What if her and Harper didn"t win? Gigi"s group might. Alex just crossed her fingers and fell asleep. -The next day- Harper went to Alex"s house that morning so they could practice one last time. That speech went smoothly though Alex was freaking out inside her head. There was no turning back. Today the project was due. Alex and Harper walked to school, and made it there enough time before first period. Alex quickly gathered her things, pulled out the beans and ran to science. -Science- "Who would like to go first?" Mr. Leftwich asked. "Harper? Would you and Alex come up?" "Our project is about bean plants." Harper said. "Big whoop," Gigi said. "A stupid bean plant. So what?" "It"s a big deal for us!" Alex stood up for her and Harper. "SO WHAT?" Gigi shouted, standing from her seat. :YOUR AUDIENCE WILL GET BORED!" "Girls," Mr. Leftwich said. "Office. Now." "I"ll give your lines," Harper said as Gigi and Alex got kicked out. Gigi glared at me. I glared back. "Welcome, girls," the principal said. "Now tell me: why did you two have a fight in science?" Gigi started talking. "Alex was giving a lousy project on bean plants. No one liked it, so I tried to tell her to stop nicely, but she yelled at me." "Thank you Gigi. You are excused." Gigi left. The principal picked up the phone. "Yes Mrs. Russo. I have Alexandra here with me. Yes... she and Gigi had a fight in science. Ok here she is..." "Mom? Alex said. "Alexandra Russo you are grounded for two weeks." "But mom the part-" "No "buts". Mom said. Alex sighed. Now she was missing the only party in middle school. A/N ok yea poor Alex. I have many plans for chapter 3. I hope you will keep supporting me even though these chapters are short! Chapter 3 "Harper! You made us lose!" Alex said to Harper as she returned from the office. "Hey at least I wasn"t the one sent to the principals office," she said. "Guys just lay off. Seriously Alex my group didn"t win either!" Angie said. "Yea Russo, shut up!" Gigi said as she walked up. "And I"m not the one grounded and can"t go to the party!" Gigi said loudly. People started to turn. "Alex Russo is grounded!" one kid said. "She can"t go to the party!" said another. "Why don"t you just leave Harper and Angie alone, Alex." Gigi said. "Lets go." Harper said to Angie and Gigi. The girls left, now a trio. -Later at the Russo home- "Aw, Alex," Alex"s mom said, feeling her daughters sympathy. "Its ok," she said. "Its just a phase. Harper has probably been having problems with her parents at home again. Just talk with her. She"ll be normal in no time. "I doubt that mom," Alex said, now in sobs. "What"s going on?" Justin said, walking into the room. "Its Harper." Mom said. "She joined Gigi"s group." "Ah, the unstoppable"s," Max said walking in. "Hey Justin," Max said motioning him into another room. -From Justin"s/ Max"s POV:- "Max what is it?" Justin asked. "Justin, I have a plan...." -Alex"s POV:- "Alex, to your room." Mom said. "Your still grounded." Alex sighed but went to her room anyway. Alex pulled out her wand once in her room and said: "Take me from this wretched place, somewhere nice when I awake." As she fell asleep that night, mist formed around her bed. Alex woke up the following morning laying on a flowery bed and had flowers in her hair. Alex focused on the flower, until she could clearly see the flower. A Hawaiian flower. Hawaii? Alex thought. I"m in Hawaii? Wow. "Hola, Alex." A woman said as she came to Alex. "One." Alex said. "How do you know my name and two: Don"t people here speak Hawaiian?" "You wished to come here and yes but you speak Spanish sometimes so we speak one of your languages. Welcome to Paradise." "Awesome!" Alex said. A/N shortest chapter, but it is still a chapter. Anyways, there are gonna be a lot of chapters, so I shortened them. Well, I hope you enjoyed. R&R (read and review) I need them! Chapter 4 A/N Ok I am getting tired of saying Alex this, Alex that so I will now say I instead of Alex, Oh and thank you, Cywiz for reviewing my story in every chapter so far. This Paradise was awesome. Then I heard a voice from the sky. "ALEX! ALEX! JERRY! ALEX WILL NOT WAKE UP!" said the voice. Another voice started talking. "ALEX WAKE UP!" "Whoa what uh buh-" I said waking up. Shoot. It was just a dream, I thought. Back to this world... the one I hate. I sighed. I would not have a happy day. "Alex thank goodness your alive," mom said. And then, the rest of the morning was a blur. I had to deal with Harper so boo for that. Hear was one of my most shocking moments: "Oh hi Alexandra," Harper said using my real name. "Nice outfit. Where did you get it? From your dads wardrobe?" I blew up right then and there. I punched her in the nose. Hard. I thought I heard the smacking sound that you can hear in cartoons. Harper shrieked. "Alexandra what did you do?" Harper said as she sobbed. "Alex how could you!" Angie said. I somehow felt she was still loyal to me, but then I realized she just said Alex because it was quicker to say than Alexandra. "Mr. Martin! Alexandra punched Harper right in the nose!" Gigi said. Then guess what happened. I got suspended for a month and that just meant two months of summer school out of three months in the summertime. While everyone else would be outside, I"d be stuck inside doing homework. Mr. Martin called me that night. "Alexandra, you broke Harper"s nose. It caused some serious discoloration. I hope when you return to Hankens you will have better behavior." Then he hung up. -Justin"s POV:- Max had a good plan. Here, I"ll slightly hint you in on it. We will come to Alex"s rescue. I am not telling you how or when, but isn"t what I gave you enough info? We don"t want you telling Alex anything. Capeesh? Alex"s POV: I cried all night. Missing school would be torture. I hoped Harper hadn"t fully gone to the dark side. I think I"ve lost Angie forever. I haven"t known her as long as I"d known Harper. I haven"t gained my trust in Angie, and all I"d earned seemed to crash down into pieces. Gigi? I never had any trust in her, never will. Its not a threat to all popular "rule the school" types of kids, it"s a promise. You know who you are. That now includes Harper, Angie and Gigi from the group you know. Oh yea, there"s more of them out there, but they"re in Justin"s grade. I"ll know soon enough next year who the seventh grade popular kids are. And when I do, lets just hope Gigi, Harper and Angie aren"t it. Anyways, I fell asleep woke up same scenario as always. No new dreams. Nota. Zilch. No new lands to escape in. Once again I sighed. No school more chores. That was the Russo rule. Unless you were sick. And to sum things up, no magic. This was going to be a bad one-month suspension, I could tell. A/N Ok I know short chapters. But like I said a zillion times already, there will be lots of chapters heheheh will Alex really be rescued? I will start the next chapter ASAP. :D Chapter 5 Anyways, to sum things up, suspension was probably the worst thing that could possibly happen. I did chores I would have never done otherwise. Who washes windows at my age? Ok so you think the window was big. But it was ridiculously small. I knew that was just to bribe me to think: Oh boy this is gonna be easy! Sadly, that "thought" wasn"t gonna happen. Max"s POV: I walked through the hallway to study hall. I could call Justin. It was time for Justin"s free period. "Hey Justin..." I started. Justin spoke. "Yea it"s time." I said. We hung up. Justin"s POV: I walked towards the principal"s office. No, I wasn"t in trouble. If you had heard my side of the phone conversation, you would know why I"d be headed towards the office during free period. "Mr. Lawson? Um, its about Alex." "Alexandra Russo? Your sister?" Mr. Lawson said. "Yes." Justin said. "Harper and her had a fight... but they are best friends. I was walking to math class when I heard Harper say Alex dressed cheaply and that Harper said it came from my dads wardrobe. Alex got mad, and she couldn"t help it. Alex should not be the one suspended. Maybe Alex could come back to school tomorrow and her and Harper could come here to talk to you?" Justin said taking a breath from all that talking. "Very well," the principal said. "I will call your parents and talk to them. Now shoo, your classes start in a few minutes." Alex"s POV: The phone rang and I stopped doing my chore. My mom came into the room and said: "Alex, tomorrow your going to school." "But mom, I"m suspended..." "No your not. At least not after I got that call from Mr. Lawson. He said Justin came to the office and said to give you another chance. You just have to talk to Harper in the office." My jaw dropped. "Justin? My over-achiever creepily smart I-Hate-Alex-Russo brother? Wait- TALK TO HARPER?" "Yes Justin. And yes." Ugh. I thought. Just what I need. To talk to one of the popular kids. Well I returned to school and walked into the office. And then I realized something. The party was that night. The first person to apologize was Harper- the popular one. She wasn"t even dressed fancy or in something Gigi would wear! She was in one of her regular artistic outfits. Harper was back. "Sorry sorry sorry sorry-" Harper said." "Ooh-k. I think I get the point. Well that was awfully simple." I said. "No it isn"t". Harper said. "The reason I got so mad and was "friends" with Gigi was because our parents made us. My mom and dad got so mad at each other for something I don"t want to talk about and my mom and Gigi"s mom are friends so me and my mom went to stay with them. I will tell you the rest of the details later," Harper said as we hugged. Mr. Lawson dismissed us. Apparently we were already doing last period. Woah Harper and I missed an entire school day in an office. On the bright side, my mom came to pick up Harper and I and said Harper"s mom said Harper could sleep over on party night. "Alex.." Harper said when we were completely out of everyone else"s earshot. "I"m ... moving..." Harper said. "That"s what my parents fought about "Moving?" I said. Harper you cant.." "They are thinking either to Timbuktu or not moving. My dad wants to stay, while my mom... wants a new life." The phone rang. "Harper!" my mom called. "Its- its your mom..." Harper ran for the phone and came back five minutes later, tears rolling down her face. "Harper?" I said. "What"s wrong?" "M-my parents.." she said between sobs. "They"re getting.. divorced..." Harper said. "DIVORCED?" I squeaked. "Yea.." she said, no longer crying as I comforted her. "My mom is going to leave no matter what. My dad is still staying. I love both of my parents but... in order to stay with you, I have to stay with my dad. Everything was settled. Mom is leaving next week." I sighed. Poor Harper. A/N Heheh. Poor Harper. Anyways the next chapter concedes of the party. Maybe it will also have Harper"s mom leaving, but that part might be in chapter seven. O. o Chapter 6 Once again, poor Harper. Ok I think this is the third time you people have heard me type it, but I don"t care. Let"s just move on to the real chapter 6 now please? OK. Harper and I sat in my fluffy walled pink bedroom shocked and depressed. Really depressed. I had never heard of such things about people really moving to Timbuktu. I thought it was just in movies! Well, that"s me for you. "Wow." I said. "It"s really happening?" I asked "If you consider my parents finishing up the call yelling who gets the cordless phone then yes." Harper said with a deep, sad sigh. I turned on the radio. "Oh, not again! I cried. Looks like my "twins" song Naturally is playing. Whats the big deal about her anyways? Ok yes! The next song is playing! Awww... does it have to be another Disney channel star? UGH. Why don"t those people get a life?" I said. "OK ENOUGH! ALEX I"M IN A TIME OF DEPRESSION HERE AND ALL YOU CAN THINK ABOUT IS SELENA GOMEZ AND TAYLOR SWIFT! GEEZ!" "Ok Harper geez back at ya." I said. Justin walked in. "Alex mom said you and Harper should tone it down a bit and Harper I heard the news... I"m so sorry." "Thanks Justin." Harper replied harshly. "How"s Juliet?'' She asked still jealous that Juliet got Justin instead of her. And that"s Harper for you! It"s creepy. But believe me. You"re happy you don"t have to live with it. - Later - "Time for the party," I said modeling my silver dress that went just below my knees. I pulled out my hair clip and my hair fell down past shoulders. "Harper came from the changing room and said, "Cool dress," "Same for you Harp." I said smiling and looking at her maroon casual dress. "Lets go. My dad said we could use the wizard teleporter." "In the lair?" Harper squeaked. Since fifth grade, when I had first told Harper about my wizardry, she was scared of it. We ended up having mom driving us. At the very moment we entered, Gigi went past us with a glass of water and Angie walked behind her. "Care for a drink An?" Gigi said. "Oh sure Gigi," Angie walked to Harper and Gigi walked towards me. At the same time, the girls knocked the water on the dresses. "Oops, looks like Alex and Harper had an accident," Gigi said into the DJ"s mic. Snickers came from the crowd and we just left. No point staying here. We went to bed. That conceded the rest of the day. As Harper slept talked, I spent my time either thinking or listening to Harper say, "Don"t go into the light! Don"t! Don"t!" A/N Heheheheh. Yea I decided to put the mother leaving part in next chapter. Anyways, please please please please a gazillion times review! Also, Alvinslittlesister and Cywiz are the best. You rock guys! That was my chapter six shout out. If you review, I can shout out to you too! Oh ugh another rhyme. Where do I get these? Chapter 7! Ah what a lovely sleep I had last night. I slept for exactly 1 hour, 10 minutes, and the seconds I can"t keep count. Harper was acting kind of like a pain. "Hey mom, Katelyn"s here!" Max called. Today his friend was tutoring him. He needed help in social studies and math. Probability. Oh joy, why can"t my brothers be normal? "Alex! Harper! Come to greet our guests!" Mom said.