another red one went running past and over to the one sitting on the wall. He looked very much alike the red one sitting on the wall. They were both in school uniform, (so they should be) and had sneakers on. But the second one that had gone whizzing past Neo was carrying some sort of stick, which he or she put on one end of the wall, then sat down next to the other red one who didn"t look very pleased about it. As Neo and Crash got to the bus stop the second red one leapt up in the air and began to shake Neo"s hand really hard. Neo thought his arm was going to end up being separated from the rest of his body. Jaleal: (Still shaking Neo"s hand) I"m so glad to meet you. My name"s Jaleal. What"s yours? (Stops shaking his hand) Neo: Neo. Year eight. What year are you in? Jaleal: Cool Man. I"m in year eight too. So is my brother. (Turns round to his double behind him) Aren"t you Knuckles? Knuckles: Shut up Jaleal. Jaleal: (Suddenly notices Crash picking up his twig) Nooooo! Don"t touch that you have no idea. Before Jaleal could say what he was going to say a bolt of what looked like purple lighting shot out of one end of the stick, sending Crash flying backwards into the hedge, Jaleal dived onto the floor, and Neo was shoved onto the floor out of the bolt"s way by Knuckles who had dived onto the floor as well. Jaleal: Look what you"ve done now, you dipstick! Knuckles: Neo, you and that other one stay on the ground. Jaleal set your spirit catcher onto load. (Jaleal crawls along the floor, gets the stick and pushes a green button on the side of it) Now when I say go, I"ll hit it until it becomes faint and collapses on the floor then you suck it into the spirit catcher. Okay? (The large bolt of lighting or whatever it was, was circling around in circles above them) Three.Two.One.GO! The very second Knuckles stood up the purple bolt shot straight towards him at it"s top speed, Knuckles just managed to avoid being hit, then turned and punched it. The bolt went spiralling through the hedge, through someone"s fencing, through a garden shed, and hit the side of the house opposite the garden shed. Knuckles quickly grabbed the spirit catcher from Jaleal and pointed it towards the bolt. But the bolt had other ideas. It dodged the green mist that came out the spirit catcher and zoomed towards Jaleal, who dived on to the floor, and the bolt hit someone else"s flowerbed of red roses, which weren"t red after the bolt landed on them. Knuckles dived onto the flowerbed and was punching the bolt until it was flat against the burnt flowers, then Knuckles pushed a blue button on the spirit catcher, but before the blue mist touched the bolt, it shot off again. Knuckles: SHIT! The bolt seemed out of control, it shot out of the flowerbed, in through one of the house"s windows, out through the chimney, and back towards Knuckles, who pressed the blue button again. This time he hit it, and the bolt turned into a bolt of black lighting trapped inside a block of ice. Then Knuckles pushed the green button, which turned the bolt back to purple inside the block of ice, and then he pressed a yellow button, which opened up one end of the stick. The bolt flew into the stick, the lid closed as Knuckles was sent flying backwards into bus stop sign, leaving it rather bent near the bottom. Jaleal ran over, picked up the stick and pressed a yellow button. A small gap appeared on the side of the stick and the water from the ice block trickled out. Knuckles breathed a sigh of relief. Knuckles: Thank god that"s over. You two can stand up now. Neo: (Standing up) Whoa! What was that? Knuckles: (Now panting heavily like a dog) That my friend, is called a spirit catcher. That purple bolt is called the Bolt of Furry; it has a very high source of energy. As I"m sure you can see. It will damage and always break anything in its way. As you can see by looking at the damage it"s done. (Neo looks at the damaged gardens and houses around them) If it was to hit you or that idiot over there, (Points at Crash with his finger) you would be badly burnt and have little blisters all over you. That would only happen if it was extremely weak. Neo: What if it was at its full strength? Knuckles: It would ram into you and sent you flying towards the hardest thing that was closest to you, for instance that wall over there, (Points towards a wall on the opposite side of the house) or even the house. It would make sure you went straight threw it, then it would set you on fire, if you managed to survive that, it would electrocute you by sending five hundred volts into you. That bolt though was only half strength so it would shove you into a fence or that garden shed that"s collapsed over there in that garden, and send two hundred and fifty bolts into you. Which could have killed you. Neo: GOD! Brio: (Running towards Neo and Crash) Hi Neo! Hi Crash! Who are you? (Points at Knuckles) Knuckles: My name is Knuckles, him over there, (Points at Jaleal) he"s my brother called Jaleal. And we are both in year eights. (Collapses on the floor) Brio: Was it something I said? Chapter 2 Neo loses Coco Everyone on the bus was as normal as they were before the new term. Tiny and Tara were still going out with each other, Dingodile and Taradile were still planning to get married, Trophy still sat on the back seat with all the girls such as Liz, Ani, Isabelle, Isabella, Megumi, Crystal, Roxz and Mel, Taz and Crash sat upstairs like they used to. But where Neo used to sit, there was what looked like a white cat with very large ears sitting all by herself, reading a book called "Midnight hour of the Bats by M.T. Rat." Rather than Neo being rude, he decided to sit next to her. Seen as no one else was sitting in their usual places minding their own businesses as per usual. As Neo sat down next to her, she marked her place, put it in her bag, and turned to face Neo. She had a white face, apart from a brown peachy coloured part around her mouth. She had a small upwards pointing nose, small white fangs like a cat, (Neo decided she was a cat) large eyes with purple-blue eye shadow, extremely large ears, and she had a pair of bat-like grey wings sitting out of her back through her uniform, which she had sticking out over the edge of the seat. She slightly smiled, as she looked Neo up and down. Neo: Hi there! My name"s Neo, what"s yours? The cat still stared at Neo. Neo asked her again. Neo: My name is Neo. N-E-O. That"s how you spell Neo. What is your name? Rouge: Neo. My name is Rouge. Rouge the bat. Neo: Right. Well, I thought you were a cat that"s all. Know anyone here? Rouge: Neo. Knuckles. I love Knuckles. (Turns towards Knuckles sitting opposite them) Oh, Knuckles! Knuckles: (walks over and sits in the space between Neo and Rouge) Why, Rouge. You look awfully, beautiful. More beautiful than when I last saw you. (Puts his arm round Rouge) And you"re a very sneaky little bat. But you"re gorgeous. Extremely gorgeous. (Lifts Rouge onto his lap and puts his other arm round her waist) I wrote a poem for you. Want to hear it? Rouge: (Leans on Knuckles and puts her arms round him) Oh, Knuckles you"re so romantic. Tell me your poem about me. Knuckles: Your hair is like velvet cushion, your body like the ocean current. Here I sit with you on my lap. Without Knuckles realising the bus indicated into Crash"s usual bus stop, where Crash"s sister, brother and girlfriend Coco, Squid and Tawna, Taz"s sister Ami, Nathan and Oxy Gin, and a load of new kids were getting on the bus. Neo moved further down the bus with Nathan and Coco. Coco immediately started moaning. Coco: It"s awful Neo. There"s this new girl who lives in that house down the road that used to be for sale, and she has been picking on me all day. (A Pink hedgehog gets on the bus) There she is! (Points at the pink hedgehog) Neo: (Looks at what Coco"s pointing at) What did she do? Fall in a can of pink paint? Neo, Nathan and Coco started laughing at Neo"s joke. But down at the front of the bus, Knuckles didn"t notice the pink hedgehog until it was too late. Knuckles: And as the priest calls out the names of the married couple. He says, "The married pair, Knuckles the Echidna and." (Suddenly looks up to see the pink hedgehog) SONIA!! Rouge: (Looks at the pink hedgehog as well) SONIA!! Sonia: (Looking at Knuckles) KNUCKLES!! (Sees Rouge) ROUGE!! Knuckles: (Stands up and drops Rouge on the floor) This is not what it looks like Sonia. (Starts walking backwards towards the stairs on the bus) Rouge was just.she was just.ermm.look Sonia I wasn"t. Sonia: Do you think I"m stupid? You were asking Rouge out. Weren"t you? (Walks right up to Knuckles"s face, so their noses were touching) WEREN"T YOU??? Knuckles: No. I was practising.our English project. It"s called.ermm.oh I think someone"s calling me from upstairs, Bye!! (Knuckles runs upstairs, Sonia runs after him) Neo: God, she is one bloody bitch. Coco: Hang on. I"m going out with that red guy! Neo: WHAT!? Coco: Long story Neo. I met him in the park opposite our old primary school, he just seemed so sweet. And you always told me that red is the best colour to have, he was red, he asked me out, how could I say no? Neo: Just say it, duh! Coco: Well, I"m off to see him. Bye! Coco puts her stuff on one of the racks, and then walks upstairs. As soon as Coco went upstairs, Rouge the Bat walked over to Neo and Nathan. Rouge: Hi Neo! Where"s Coco off? Neo: She"s off out with Knuckles. Rouge: How can she? I"m going out with Knuckles! Neo: Not my problem. Rouge went all huffy puffy, and marched upstairs to where Knuckles was getting kinda stuck. Rouge: (Facing Knuckles) Alright you have a lot of explaining to do. Why are you going out with Coco instead of me? Sonia: Well for your information, Rouge. Knuckles is going out with me! Coco: You"re both wrong! Knuckles is going out with me, he asked me out when I was in the park. So there you pink cotton candy pillow! And you the old granny! Sonia: Who are you calling a pink cotton candy pillow, you blonde haired dipstick! Rouge: You can talk Sonia! Sonia: Keep out of it you old hag! Rouge: You think you"re so cool, just because your Mom"s the Queen, and you"re a princess. Well you"re not!! Knuckles: WILL YOU THREE BE QUIET!!!!! (Everyone goes quiet) Thank you. Right I will go out with all three of you. Sonia: NO! You have to pick one of us. Knuckles: Oh, fine then. Well first of all, Sonia. You already have two boys. You"ve got your other two triplets, to love and to look after. Sonia: For your information, Sonic is gay and Manic is wet! Plus they"re both at the police station today with our Mom! Knuckles: Well, I"m going out with (Puts one hand over his eyes and points at Coco with his other hand) Coco Bandicoot. Sonia: WHAT!? (Slaps Knuckles across his face and walks off downstairs) Rouge: (Slapping Knuckles as well) I hope you"re happy! (Follows Sonia downstairs) Coco: Don"t worry Knuckles, I love you! (Kisses Knuckles then walks back downstairs) Knuckles: Oh, god. Chapter 3 Neo"s worst enemy Neo and Crash entered their new form room. B9 with Miss Bardsley. In the classroom there were all Neo"s old classmates, plus the new starters. There was Croc and Randy, Spyro and Siyro, Green Muffin and Blue Muffin, Knuckles was there, and so was Taz, Max the Raccoon, Jhin, Dipsy, Matthew, Dracina and Elora the fawn. Before Neo even saw her, Sonia shoved past him, knocking all Neo"s stuff out of his hands. Sonia: Move it you! Neo: (Completely ignores Sonia and collects up all his stuff) Crash, go sit down, I"ll be right there. Crash goes to sit down, and as soon as Neo finishes collecting up all his stuff, someone else who was all blue, in school uniform came running into the classroom and ran into Neo. This time Miss Bardsley was watching. Miss B: SONIC HEDGEHOG!! (Neo looked behind him to see someone who looked like Sonia but was blue) Sonic: Looks at Neo) Ooops! (Stands up and looks at Miss Bardsley) Now, Miss. I was late for school because my brother and Mom had to take us to the police station. Mom is coming with Manic once he"s calmed down. He"s at the front of school having a tantrum. (Looks back at Neo who has just finished collecting all his stuff together again) Sorry! (Walks over to Sonia and sits down) Miss B: Now the class is going to take it in turns to come up to the front and tell us a little bit about yourselves. Okay, Crash. Off you go. Crash: (Stands at the front of the class) Well, my full name is Crash Oliver Bandicoot, I have a sister called Coco Victoria Bandicoot, and a half brother called Squid James Bandicoot. My girlfriend is called Tawna Bandicoot, and my friends are Neo, Spyro, Croc and Randy. (Sits back down in his place) Miss B: Thank you Crash. Now, new beginners, Crash was showing us a small demo of what you will now tell us. Now rather than a big commotion, you will each come up and say what you wish to say. Now.(A black Hedgehog walks in) Why Shadow, you made it. Would you please take a seat next to Bart? (Shadow sits next to Bart) Thank you. Now could.Jaleal Echidna.please tell us about you? Jaleal: My name is Jaleal, and I"m an Echidna. Bart: What"s an Echidna? Jaleal: An Echidna is an Australian Hedgehog, that has flat spikes, a long nose, and its ears are hidden, beneath their spikes. We can climb, swim, and dig and if you class gliding as a style of flying, we can fly as well, for quite long distances. Knuckles is an Echidna as well. (Points at Knuckles) He guards the master Emerald. And all the Spirit Bolts. Can I sit down now miss? Miss B: Yes you may. Now it"s.Knuckles Echidna. Please tell us about yourself. Knuckles: My great grandfather is called Athair; Jaleal is my brother, my dad"s called Locke, and my Mom"s called Lara-Lee. I don"t want to say any more. Thank you miss. Miss B: Very well. Next is.Manic Hedgehog.(No one moves) Is Manic Hedgehog present today? Sonia: Miss, he is here he"s at the local police station with our Mom she said he would be in the front of school, because she would drop him off on her way up to the castle with the police men to look for some things in his room. He should be down at the office by now. (Dr Lefley walks in) Dr L: Miss Bardsley, Manic is down at my office, he"s having a bit of a tantrum at the moment. He won"t talk to the policemen or anyone else. He"s just curled up on the floor crying. (Walks back out of the room) Miss B: Very well. Could.Shadow Hedgehog come up please? Shadow: My name is Shadow and my mate was Maria, she has now gone, left me behind. Ooooh! The tragedy! Ooooh! (Sits back down again) Miss B: Thank you Shadow. Now could Sonia please tell us about herself? Sonia: (Standing up at the front of the class) HI! My name is Princess Sonia Hedgehog, I have three brothers. They"re called Prince Mase, Prince Sonic and Prince Manic. Mase is the oldest, and then it"s Sonic, then me, then Manic, who is the baby of our family. My mom is called Queen Aleena and my dad is called King Masevrar. We own a house on the end of Norwood Avenue and a huge castle called Worse Castle, but I don"t know where it is in the world. But it"s pretty far away. It"s where our dad is staying to rule whereever; Mom goes up to visit him at times with my little brother, Manic. Ummm.I can play the keyboard, Sonic can play an electric guitar and Mase and Manic can play the drums. I"m done now. (Sits back down) Miss B: Sonic Hedgehog please. Sonic: (Standing up and interrupting Miss Bardsley) Thank you miss. My name is Sonic Maurice Hedgehog, my best friend is a two-tailed fox called Miles Prower, but he likes to be called Tails. I am the fastest Hedgehog on Mobius, and everything else that Sonia said. (Sits down again) Miss B: Well that was very brief. Bart Simpson please. Bart: (walks to the front of the class) Man, I have one thing to say to Sonic. (Turns around to face the board and bends over) MESSAGE FOR WET BOY SONIC, EAT MY SHORTS!!! (Shakes his bum) Miss B: BART!! THAT IS UNEXCEPTABLE!! Bart: Sorry, you probably will take it as a compliment though. Miss B: BART!! Bart: Sorry. Miss B: Anyway onto the new seating arrangements. (The class all groan) Now on the first table we shall have.Max Raccoon and Bart Simpson.Jaleal Echidna and Spyro Dragon.Taz Mania and Croc Gobbo.Rouge Bat and Sonia Hedgehog.Knuckles Echidna and Manic Hedgehog.Randy Gobbo and Siyro Dragon.Shadow Hedgehog and Crash Bandicoot.and finally Neo Cortex and Sonic Hedgehog. (Everyone sits down in their seating arrangements, then the bell rings for the first lesson) Off you go class. Bart behave yourself, Sonic don"t get into any trouble. Chapter 4 Bart V Manic First day back at school, and they had Maths with Ms Strict. And as usual she was in a bad mood. Worse still, the year eight mini maths test was supposed to be in three weeks. Ms Strict changed it to that very lesson. Just as Ms Strict sat down to take the register, Manic came in and looked as though he had just been crying. Ms Strict: Young man, where have you been? Manic: I"ve been. Ms Strict: (Not letting Manic finish what he was trying to say) You are three minutes late. I do not approve of lateness. Now if you would like to sit down over there next to Lynx, and no talking. If I catch anyone talking, or even passing notes to each other, Crash Bandicoot, you will be in a lunchtime detention. Now silence for the register. (They were quiet anyway) Crash.yes.Neo.yes.Siyro.yes.Spyro.yes.Globox.yes.Croc.yes.Randy.y es.Lynx.yes.Somic.yes.Taz.yes.Max.yes.Rayman. yes. Now the new people I will call out your name and you will put your hand up. Rouge Bat.(The bat sitting next to Somic put her hand in the air).Jaleal Echidna.(The reddish-orange thing sitting next to Crash put his hand in the air).Knuckles Echidna.(Knuckles put his hand in the air).Tikal Echidna.(The smartly dressed orange girl in the corner put her hand up in a posh manner).Amy Rose Hedgehog.(Amy stood up and curtsied).Prince Manic Hedgehog.(Manic had been leaning on his chair for the past five minutes, and because Ms Strict literally barked orders and names, Manic sort of jumped and fell off his chair at the same time) Manic: (getting off the floor) Yes Miss. Ms Strict: Now that serves you right young man. You don"t swing on chairs, and you refer to me as Ms Strict only, no miss or anything. Manic: (sitting on his chair again) Yes Ms. Strict. Ms Strict: Good. Now where was I? Oh, yes. (Shadow put his hand up in the air before Ms Strict even opened her mouth) Now that"s the kind of behaviour and quick reactions I need Shadow. You"re going to do very well this year. Princess Sonia Hedgehog.yes I know you.I met you when I was inspecting the castle, you were with your mum, Queen Aleena. Anyway, Prince Sonic Hedgehog.I know you as well, you and Manic were egging my car whilst I was talking to your mother and Sonia. And Bart.I"ve heard quite a lot about you so far. And I hope it"s not true. Now the papers on the desks in front of you, are your mini tests for Maths. (Mini test wasn"t really the word for a thirty-two pages long booklet) You may begin the test now. I will be back within ten minutes, I"ll be down at the lower school office, Mr Else said he needed to talk to me about Manic Hedgehog"s behaviour recently. (Stands up and walks out of the classroom) Bart waited until she had turned at the end of the corridor, before thinking of getting someone into a lot of trouble. He was twiddling his pencil between his fingers when something shiny caught his eye. As he turned he saw a green book, about half the size of their planners, with a gold label at the top. As Bart was looking at it more closely it said; "Prince Manic Hedgehog. Age 7 & a half. Diary." Bart looked to see if anyone had noticed, no one had, then quickly grabbed it and stood on the teacher"s desk at the front. Manic: Hey, give that back! Bart: Hey, everyone! (Everyone looked up at Bart) Wanna know who Manic fancies? Neo: Go on then. Manic: (Trying to get it back) You read any of that and I"ll kill you! Bart: I"m scared. Prince Manic Hedgehog. Age seven and a half years old. January the seventh. I wet the bed during the night; I figured out that I drank too much before going to bed. Mase says I need a nappy, he"s only joking. (Turns to Manic) Well I think he means it, you"re the wettest kid in the world. Only wet people are green. LIKE YOU!! Manic: (Starting to get upset) GIVE IT BACK!!! Bart: (skips through some of the pages, which were a very delicate silver paper, also very expensive) Oh, this one"s the last thing you wrote, during the summer holidays. August the fourth, of this year. I fancy.OH, EVERYONE LISTEN TO WHO MANIC FANCIES.KNUCKLES THE ECHIDNA!!! (Everyone starts laughing and pointing at Manic and Knuckles, all that is except Sonic, Manic, Knuckles, Sonia, Rouge and Shadow) GAY BOY! GAY BOY! MANIC IS A GAY BOY!! Manic: (Starting to cry now) That is not true, I don"t fancy Knuckles, and I am not GAY!!! (Screams really loudly at Bart, practically deafening those in close range) Rouge: Oh, come on Bart. Give it back to him. Bart: Hmmmm.NO! Shadow: (Getting hold of Bart"s collar) You listen to me mate, he is a prince. Prince of Mobius, you give that back to him or I will set anyone out of Sleet, Dingo and Ivo Robotnik onto you! HAVE YOU GOT THAT? Ms Strict: (Walking back in the class) WHAT ON EARTH IS GOING ON IN HERE? (Sees Shadow holding Bart against the board, Manic$&*&*&$all goes by tone of voice or certain foibles. He can tell what I"m saying by my tone of voice and the expression on my face and it"s pretty much the same with him except for the facial expression. If he wags his tail and barks once he"s saying "hello" and "goodbye", if he snarls he"s saying "go away", if he whines or whimpers he"s saying "please" and if he hands you his paw he"s saying sorry." Kit explained. The others seemed completely fascinated by this; they"d never really had any experience with dogs and had never known anyone that could understand one. The Mayor himself was stunned and completely forgot what he"d intended to ask Sportacus after he"d checked on until his stomach rumbled and he was reminded. "Would anyone care for some lunch?" The Mayor offered. "Yes please!" Ziggy half shouted and then turned to Kit, "can you do some tricks for us before we have lunch?" Kit folded his arms and was about to say no but caught up in Ziggy"s puppy dog expression and couldn"t resist. "Ok," Kit relented. "What do you want to see?" Ziggy jumped up and down like a kid again, "juggling! Do some juggling!" Kit nodded and knelt down to open up his bag. He pulled out several juggling clubs and a handful of balls, "which would you rather and don"t say both," Ziggy thought for a second and pointed to the clubs. Kit put the balls back in his bag and started juggling with the clubs. He started off with simple juggling and then moved on to some more complicated juggling techniques such as tossing a club under his leg and catching it whilst juggling the rest. To finish his little act he tossed each club in the air in turn and caught them all as they fell back down. Once he had all his clubs back he did a little bow and his small audience applauded. He placed his clubs back in his bag and everyone went inside the Mayor"s house for lunch. "I didn"t know you could do that," Sportacus stated taking a seat at the table. Kit shrugged, "no one ever asked. Ziggy was the only one to pick up on what I"d said about my parents being in a circus." The Mayor looked at Kit, "I don"t think we"ve been properly introduced have we?" "No I don"t think we have. I"m Kit and I believe you"re the Mayor of this very nice town." "Yes I am the Mayor and I"m glad you like the town. May I ask what"s brought you here?" Kit smiled, "I should write a book. I"ll call it, "my fifteen years on the road by Kit". It should be a best seller." Kit then proceeded to tell the Mayor his story. Once Kit had finished telling his story the Mayor felt very sympathetic for the young man sitting two seats away from him. He found it truly amazing that Kit had survived so long essentially living rough with little or no amenities. Kit seemed very different from what the Mayor thought a drifter would look like; scruffy, dirty, bony and in terms of behaviour rather uncivilised and bitter. He mentioned this to Kit and Kit explained that by doing tricks and things for people he was able to have enough money in his pocket to afford accommodation when he was wont to use it and food to eat. There were also facilities available in certain places and unlike most drifters Kit made personal hygiene a priority, sometimes he"d turn down money for food for the sake of a shower. Kit put his behaviour down to good breeding and never letting things get on top of him, being a clown had its advantages. Kit had also known the life of a drifter too early in his life to think on it as a curse or mistake; he drifted by necessity instead of choice. "Are you planning to settle anywhere?" The Mayor asked still rather amazed at the story Kit had told. Kit seemed to be rather surprised at the question, "I"d never really thought on it to be honest. I guess if I find a place that likes me and I like it as well I could stay there." Robyn looked at the clock and chuckled a little, "Err Mayor? Are you making lunch or should we make it dinner?" The Mayor looked at the clock and shook his head with slight annoyance at himself, he"d been talking with Kit so long it was almost pointless having lunch and would have made more sense to have an early dinner. About an hour later Kit and Robyn left the Mayor"s house, Sportacus and Ziggy had stayed behind to help tidy up. The two walked in the comfortably cool evening air hand in hand. "Where are you going to be sleeping tonight?" Robyn asked seizing upon a thought. "There"s a comfortable looking bench over there, I can perch on it tonight." Kit replied pointing to the bench that Robbie had so often slept upon. Robyn stopped walking suddenly making Kit stop as well, "you can"t sleep on a bench." "Yes I can princess; I"ve slept on lots of benches before." Robyn frowned, "I won"t let you." She pressed angrily. Kit raised an eyebrow, "Princess has a temper does she?" "Yes she does," Robyn replied still frowning, "come and stay in the airship again tonight." Kit shook his head, "That was a one off princess. If I hadn"t had fallen asleep last night I would have slept on the bench. I can"t impose on your uncle or you and I don"t think he"d much like the thought of us being in a bed together again." Robyn stamped her foot in exasperation, like Sportacus her temper very rarely flared but was on a much shorter fuse. "I know you want me to stay in the airship with you but I don"t want to. I have slept rough thousands of times and that"s what I"m used to. To be honest I also don"t think I can trust myself with you, I don"t want to hurt you or wreck things." Kit continued. "So now you want to protect me." Robyn shook her head and turned away before turning back and shouting, "Because everyone has to protect poor little Robyn!" Kit grabbed Robyn"s shoulders firmly feeling like he could shake her but instead he just whispered, "Calm down. We"re starting to get an audience here," Kit nodded his head towards the Mayor"s house and Robyn turned to see that Sportacus, Ziggy and the Mayor were looking at them. "I"ll compromise with you, I"ll sleep on the bench but you can give me a blanket and a pillow. Ok?" Kit said releasing Robyn"s shoulders. Robyn nodded seeing that further protests would get her nowhere. Kit smiled, "friends?" Robyn nodded again and Kit kissed her on the forehead. If only he knew that Robyn wanted to be more than friends. Kit woke up the next morning and saw Robyn sitting on the ground with her back resting against the bench. He smiled when he saw her and bent over to whisper in her ear, "Happy Birthday Princess." Robyn jumped when she heard Kit whisper in ear. She turned round with an expression of mock anger on her face which was quickly kissed away. When he pulled away Kit wrinkled his nose cheekily. He resisted the urge to kiss Robyn again as it would have been a kiss to leave Robyn in no doubt as to how he felt about her. "Coming up for breakfast?" Robyn asked diffusing the slight tension between them. "I guess I can do that. I am allowed aren"t I?" Kit wrinkled his nose again. "Yes you are; it"s an invitation from Sportacus. He was pretty upset that you refused to stay last night." Kit shrugged, "I can talk to him about that over breakfast. If we ever get there that is." Robyn smiled and got up pulling Kit up as well. Once again Kit struggled to fight the urge to kiss Robyn. He was captivated by her beauty and the pureness of her heart. She was also naïve in a delicious sort of way which made Kit reluctant to push too much of himself onto her. He didn"t know how she felt about him and didn"t want to scare her away by admitting his feelings. It took him a few seconds to realise he was staring at Robyn and she at him in turn. Both came back to their senses and climbed the ladder up to the airship. Bessie walked away from the window and sat down at the kitchen table again, "I really think there"s something going on between those two." The Mayor looked up from his cereal, "who two?" he asked a little confused. "Kit and Robyn. Have you seen the way he looks at her and the way she looks at him? I think we have a little case of young love on our hands." "That"s interesting, I never noticed." Having spoke the Mayor concentrated again on his cereal. He was too hungry to take in anything Bessie said. Once Sportacus, Kit and Robyn had finished with their breakfast Robyn let Kit use the shower before her and went with Sportacus to practice exercises. During the exercises Robyn stopped short and checked her arm. "What"s wrong?" Sportacus asked coming up to her. Robyn looked up from her arm to Sportacus, "I forgot my painkillers this morning. I might quickly go up and get them while Kit is still in the shower, I"ll be there and back in no time." Before Sportacus could object Robyn was already half way up the ladder. He shook his head and carried on exercising. Kit left the shower and went to grab another pair of underwear from Sportacus" drawer. He was completely oblivious to another person in the airship until he heard a startled intake of breath. He turned round straight away and saw Robyn standing there staring at him, he looked down and realised he hadn"t put a towel round his waist. "Hello," Robyn said shakily looking at Kit with an incredibly sheepish expression. "Hi," Kit replied with the same look on his face and the same quiver in his voice, "can I get you anything?" "I....I don"t think so." Robyn stammered fighting to keep her eyes above Kit"s waist. Robyn then turned away stiffly and stood on the circle on the floor which was the platform and told it to go down. She reached for the ladder and attempted to climb it but fell from the platform, she"d missed the ladder completely. Sportacus" crystal blared and he looked up to see Robyn falling through the air. He shook his head and ran to catch her yet again tumbling to the ground when he caught her. "Robyn, are you ok?" Sportacus asked getting up and walking the short distance to Robyn. Robyn sat up and looked a little surprised to see herself on the ground, "how did I get down here?" she thought aloud still oblivious to Sportacus. "You tried climbing down the ladder but missed it. Are you ok?" Sportacus repeated but when he saw the same dreamy expression Robyn had had two days ago on her face he gave in. Robyn turned back to him two minutes later and seemingly coming to herself looked up at Sportacus, "hello," she said smiling and then looked around herself and found she was sitting on the ground, "what am I doing down here?" Sportacus suppressed a chuckle and shook his head, "you tell me." He replied before running off to do more exercises. Robyn shrugged and picked herself up from the ground. She looked up at the airship and shook her head to dispel any daydreams that were coming on before heading off to her flower garden. Today was the day of the week she put a flower on the spot her father died. Kit climbed down the ladder of the airship hastily, he"d gotten dressed as fast as he could with his brain addled by embarrassment. He wanted to find Robyn to talk to her about it and apologise. He wasn"t angry with her for walking in on him and was angry with himself for being silly enough to not use a towel. Sportacus met him at the bottom of the ladder and seemed to have an uncharacteristically stern look on his face. "She must have told him,' Kit thought to himself and prepared to face the music. "I am so sorry Sportacus. I didn"t know she was there and I wasn"t wearing a towel. She saw everything." Kit confessed and was extremely surprised when Sportacus laughed at him. "What"s so funny?" Kit asked with a hint of confusion in his voice. Sportacus stopped laughing long enough to say, "Robyn tried climbing down the ladder but didn"t grab it and when I caught her she was in a day dream. I wondered what had happened." "She was ok though?" At Sportacus" nod he continued, "Do you know where she went? I want to apologise." Sportacus cleared his throat trying to stop further laughter, "she"ll be at her flower garden now I guess then she"ll be where Robbie died. She lays a flower there every week. I"d go straight there so you catch her." Kit nodded his thanks and walked off to where he remembered the spot to be silently hoping that he didn"t find Robyn sprawled out like she had been before. It took him five minutes to reach the billboard and when he got there he saw Robyn sitting on the ground with a flower in her hand. Moving closer he saw she was crying and more or less jogged over to her. When he got to Robyn he sat down in front of her. "What"s wrong princess?" He asked in concern. "You shouldn"t be crying today, it"s your birthday. It"s a big one too, your eighteenth." "I don"t want it to be my birthday." Kit frowned a little, "why not?" "Because I have to be happy and I"m not. I"ll get lots of things when there"s only one thing I want but can"t have." "What"s that?" Kit asked somehow knowing the answer. "I want my daddy," Robyn was crying harder now and Kit moved himself closer to her. He took her up in his arms and whispered words of comfort in her ear. She was crying so hard he thought his own heart would break and could feel every ounce of her pain. He continued whispering comforting words to Robyn and eventually her crying ceased. He looked at her and brushed away tears that still clung to her cheeks; he could still see tears in her eyes and brushed those away as well. Robyn smiled faintly at him and he smiled back, before releasing her from his arms he gave her a kiss on each eye lid. She was about to say something which he knew would be some sort of apology but stopped her by pressing a finger to her lips. "You know what I think you should do? Take some time for yourself and go to the cemetery for a little while. I know it sounds weird but talk to him. Say everything to him that you never did, he might not be able to hear you but at least it"ll have been said. I"ll concoct some story if anyone asks where you are." Whilst Kit spoke he brushed Robyn"s hair away from her face. Robyn smiled again at Kit and kissed him before doing as he"d suggested she do. She turned round to see Kit watching her and then carried on her way to the cemetery. The walk to the cemetery took between twenty to thirty minutes depending on the person. Robyn arrived there twenty minutes after she"d set off and automatically found Robbie"s grave. She knelt down in front of it and placed the flower she"d intended to put on the place where he"d died right in front of the headstone. Remembering what Kit had told her to do she tried to find words to say but none came. After a few moments she asked a question she"d always wanted answered. "Why did you leave me?" Robyn asked feeling fresh tears on her cheeks. "I didn"t mean to leave you Robyn." An all too familiar voice said from behind her, a voice she hadn"t heard for a long long time. Robyn turned and saw an extremely familiar man standing some few metres behind her, "Daddy?" She asked in stunned wonder not knowing what was going on. Robbie nodded, it was he. Robbie took a few steps towards Robyn but took a step back when she stood up and moved behind his headstone. Something told him he"d come back too soon and scared her. Whatever he did now would determine whether or not he could resume his relationship with his daughter. He held out both hands palms facing upwards in an age old gesture which said he meant her no harm. He was a little disappointed to see that this had no affect at all and that Robyn hadn"t moved. She stared at him as if trying to work out whether or not what she saw was real. "You"re dead." Robyn said at last hoping that this spectre would return from whence it came, her imagination. "You"re right." Robbie answered trying to gauge Robyn and not say too much at once. "What are you doing here? Am I dreaming this?" "No you"re not. You have a gift Robyn, a gift that allows you to see and speak to spirits of those that have passed on. You can see what happened to them, like what happened the other day. You saw and felt how I died, its part of the gift." "Where did I get this gift from?" "You were born with it. Can you remember fourteen years back when you were on the mountains and saw those flickers you thought were tricks of the light?" At Robyn"s nod he continued, "That was your gift at its most basic form. As you"ve grown it"s grown and you can now see those flickers for what they really are. You have no idea how long I"ve waited for this." Sensing it was safe he took two more steps forward and this time Robyn didn"t walk away but moved from behind the headstone to stand in front of it. After a few more seconds Robyn walked closer to Robbie and stopped not more than a foot away from him. She looked deep into his eyes and studied the face she"d known so well in childhood. He hadn"t changed at all from how she remembered him but then realised that he wouldn"t have grown old as he was just a spirit. "Can I touch you?" Robyn whispered slowly raising a hand. Robbie shook his head sadly and wished he could hug Robyn when she lowered her head and fresh tears formed in her eyes. Every time over the last fourteen years he"d seen her cry it ripped him to pieces because he could do nothing to comfort her. At least now he could talk to her but it wasn"t the same as having actual physical contact. "Do you have any idea how proud of you I am?" Robbie asked and the ache in his heart lessened when Robyn looked up at him again. She shook her head in response. "You are so beautiful and have grown up so well. You have so much love in you and care so much about other people. You have grown beyond any of my expectations of how I thought you"d be at this age. I admire your spirit the most and the way it"s knocked over but never crushed. I love you so much and have waited so long to be able to talk to you. You can"t imagine how hard it"s been to watch you grow up from a distance and never to be able to help you." Robbie continued. His face fell again when he could see that Robyn had taken his pain on board and he tried to think of a way to cheer her up. Uncharacteristically of Robbie he came up with a solution in seconds, "tell me about this young man I"ve seen you with." Robyn smiled shyly and a slight blush touched her cheeks, "He"s called Kit. He"s twenty one years old and an orphan like me. His parents died in a fire and he was in a boarding school at the time. He managed to escape Mr Snail and has been a drifter ever since." Robbie nodded understanding then smiled a little, "you like him don"t you?" Robyn"s blush grew as did her smile, "Yes. I like him a lot, an awful lot. The moment I saw him something just clicked and every time I see him my heart pounds like a hammer. He also makes me feel really happy. I want to tell him how I feel but I"m worried it might scare him away." Robbie nearly chuckled; he knew exactly what Robyn was talking about and recognised the atypical symptoms of love at first sight. Sharing this time with Robyn and being part of her life again felt wonderful. He knew she was wanted at the Mayor"s house for dinner and it pained him to have to send her away but it was easier this time knowing that he"d see her again when she was alone. "A little birdie tells me that there"s a surprise waiting for you at the Mayor"s house. I"ll come to see you again when you"re alone, you"ll be able to see me all the time now when I"m around." Robbie said motioning back towards town. Robyn was about to give Robbie a kiss on the cheek but remembered she couldn"t touch him so blew him a kiss instead before heading back to town. Her heart swelled in her chest and for the first time in her life she felt complete. Robyn made it back to town in time for her dinner and when she saw Kit ran to greet him with a hug. Kit hugged back and felt extremely glad that his suggestion had worked and that Robyn was obviously feeling better. He was impressed at Robyn"s impeccable timing at returning and had been worried about covering for her as he knew he was rubbish at lying. Once their hug was over Kit took Robyn by the hand and walked with her into the Mayor"s house but told her to close her eyes before they entered. Everyone except Kit and Robyn went to stand at the far end of the kitchen. When everyone was in position Kit told Robyn to open her eyes and she looked around with awe. The kitchen had been decorated with sparkly purple and silver streamers and there was a big banner stretching across the kitchen cupboards which read, "happy birthday Robyn" in big silver letters. The kitchen counter was laid out like a buffet so everyone could choose what they wanted to eat. Candles had been placed in the centre of the table in a decorative way and with the lights dimmed the room looked magical. Soft music which played in the background completed the scene and Robyn smiled when she saw everyone standing under the banner. Robyn walked over to them and gave each of them a great big hug, these were her friends, her family and all that she could ever need. Kit had followed her and she hugged him too. Before everyone got too distracted the Mayor declared dinner was served and handed everyone a plate. Robyn served herself first and everyone followed choosing their own things before sitting at the table. Robyn sat at one end of the table and Kit had been placed at the other both of them being something of guests of honour. Everyone ate in relative silence with the odd bit of conversation here and there. Once everyone had had their fill of food it was time for the presents.