all goes by tone of voice or certain foibles. He can tell what I"m saying by my tone of voice and the expression on my face and it"s pretty much the same with him except for the facial expression. If he wags his tail and barks once he"s saying "hello" and "goodbye", if he snarls he"s saying "go away", if he whines or whimpers he"s saying "please" and if he hands you his paw he"s saying sorry." Kit explained. The others seemed completely fascinated by this; they"d never really had any experience with dogs and had never known anyone that could understand one. The Mayor himself was stunned and completely forgot what he"d intended to ask Sportacus after he"d checked on until his stomach rumbled and he was reminded. "Would anyone care for some lunch?" The Mayor offered. "Yes please!" Ziggy half shouted and then turned to Kit, "can you do some tricks for us before we have lunch?" Kit folded his arms and was about to say no but caught up in Ziggy"s puppy dog expression and couldn"t resist. "Ok," Kit relented. "What do you want to see?" Ziggy jumped up and down like a kid again, "juggling! Do some juggling!" Kit nodded and knelt down to open up his bag. He pulled out several juggling clubs and a handful of balls, "which would you rather and don"t say both," Ziggy thought for a second and pointed to the clubs. Kit put the balls back in his bag and started juggling with the clubs. He started off with simple juggling and then moved on to some more complicated juggling techniques such as tossing a club under his leg and catching it whilst juggling the rest. To finish his little act he tossed each club in the air in turn and caught them all as they fell back down. Once he had all his clubs back he did a little bow and his small audience applauded. He placed his clubs back in his bag and everyone went inside the Mayor"s house for lunch. "I didn"t know you could do that," Sportacus stated taking a seat at the table. Kit shrugged, "no one ever asked. Ziggy was the only one to pick up on what I"d said about my parents being in a circus." The Mayor looked at Kit, "I don"t think we"ve been properly introduced have we?" "No I don"t think we have. I"m Kit and I believe you"re the Mayor of this very nice town." "Yes I am the Mayor and I"m glad you like the town. May I ask what"s brought you here?" Kit smiled, "I should write a book. I"ll call it, "my fifteen years on the road by Kit". It should be a best seller." Kit then proceeded to tell the Mayor his story. Once Kit had finished telling his story the Mayor felt very sympathetic for the young man sitting two seats away from him. He found it truly amazing that Kit had survived so long essentially living rough with little or no amenities. Kit seemed very different from what the Mayor thought a drifter would look like; scruffy, dirty, bony and in terms of behaviour rather uncivilised and bitter. He mentioned this to Kit and Kit explained that by doing tricks and things for people he was able to have enough money in his pocket to afford accommodation when he was wont to use it and food to eat. There were also facilities available in certain places and unlike most drifters Kit made personal hygiene a priority, sometimes he"d turn down money for food for the sake of a shower. Kit put his behaviour down to good breeding and never letting things get on top of him, being a clown had its advantages. Kit had also known the life of a drifter too early in his life to think on it as a curse or mistake; he drifted by necessity instead of choice. "Are you planning to settle anywhere?" The Mayor asked still rather amazed at the story Kit had told. Kit seemed to be rather surprised at the question, "I"d never really thought on it to be honest. I guess if I find a place that likes me and I like it as well I could stay there." Robyn looked at the clock and chuckled a little, "Err Mayor? Are you making lunch or should we make it dinner?" The Mayor looked at the clock and shook his head with slight annoyance at himself, he"d been talking with Kit so long it was almost pointless having lunch and would have made more sense to have an early dinner. About an hour later Kit and Robyn left the Mayor"s house, Sportacus and Ziggy had stayed behind to help tidy up. The two walked in the comfortably cool evening air hand in hand. "Where are you going to be sleeping tonight?" Robyn asked seizing upon a thought. "There"s a comfortable looking bench over there, I can perch on it tonight." Kit replied pointing to the bench that Robbie had so often slept upon. Robyn stopped walking suddenly making Kit stop as well, "you can"t sleep on a bench." "Yes I can princess; I"ve slept on lots of benches before." Robyn frowned, "I won"t let you." She pressed angrily. Kit raised an eyebrow, "Princess has a temper does she?" "Yes she does," Robyn replied still frowning, "come and stay in the airship again tonight." Kit shook his head, "That was a one off princess. If I hadn"t had fallen asleep last night I would have slept on the bench. I can"t impose on your uncle or you and I don"t think he"d much like the thought of us being in a bed together again." Robyn stamped her foot in exasperation, like Sportacus her temper very rarely flared but was on a much shorter fuse. "I know you want me to stay in the airship with you but I don"t want to. I have slept rough thousands of times and that"s what I"m used to. To be honest I also don"t think I can trust myself with you, I don"t want to hurt you or wreck things." Kit continued. "So now you want to protect me." Robyn shook her head and turned away before turning back and shouting, "Because everyone has to protect poor little Robyn!" Kit grabbed Robyn"s shoulders firmly feeling like he could shake her but instead he just whispered, "Calm down. We"re starting to get an audience here," Kit nodded his head towards the Mayor"s house and Robyn turned to see that Sportacus, Ziggy and the Mayor were looking at them. "I"ll compromise with you, I"ll sleep on the bench but you can give me a blanket and a pillow. Ok?" Kit said releasing Robyn"s shoulders. Robyn nodded seeing that further protests would get her nowhere. Kit smiled, "friends?" Robyn nodded again and Kit kissed her on the forehead. If only he knew that Robyn wanted to be more than friends. Kit woke up the next morning and saw Robyn sitting on the ground with her back resting against the bench. He smiled when he saw her and bent over to whisper in her ear, "Happy Birthday Princess." Robyn jumped when she heard Kit whisper in ear. She turned round with an expression of mock anger on her face which was quickly kissed away. When he pulled away Kit wrinkled his nose cheekily. He resisted the urge to kiss Robyn again as it would have been a kiss to leave Robyn in no doubt as to how he felt about her. "Coming up for breakfast?" Robyn asked diffusing the slight tension between them. "I guess I can do that. I am allowed aren"t I?" Kit wrinkled his nose again. "Yes you are; it"s an invitation from Sportacus. He was pretty upset that you refused to stay last night." Kit shrugged, "I can talk to him about that over breakfast. If we ever get there that is." Robyn smiled and got up pulling Kit up as well. Once again Kit struggled to fight the urge to kiss Robyn. He was captivated by her beauty and the pureness of her heart. She was also naïve in a delicious sort of way which made Kit reluctant to push too much of himself onto her. He didn"t know how she felt about him and didn"t want to scare her away by admitting his feelings. It took him a few seconds to realise he was staring at Robyn and she at him in turn. Both came back to their senses and climbed the ladder up to the airship. Bessie walked away from the window and sat down at the kitchen table again, "I really think there"s something going on between those two." The Mayor looked up from his cereal, "who two?" he asked a little confused. "Kit and Robyn. Have you seen the way he looks at her and the way she looks at him? I think we have a little case of young love on our hands." "That"s interesting, I never noticed." Having spoke the Mayor concentrated again on his cereal. He was too hungry to take in anything Bessie said. Once Sportacus, Kit and Robyn had finished with their breakfast Robyn let Kit use the shower before her and went with Sportacus to practice exercises. During the exercises Robyn stopped short and checked her arm. "What"s wrong?" Sportacus asked coming up to her. Robyn looked up from her arm to Sportacus, "I forgot my painkillers this morning. I might quickly go up and get them while Kit is still in the shower, I"ll be there and back in no time." Before Sportacus could object Robyn was already half way up the ladder. He shook his head and carried on exercising. Kit left the shower and went to grab another pair of underwear from Sportacus" drawer. He was completely oblivious to another person in the airship until he heard a startled intake of breath. He turned round straight away and saw Robyn standing there staring at him, he looked down and realised he hadn"t put a towel round his waist. "Hello," Robyn said shakily looking at Kit with an incredibly sheepish expression. "Hi," Kit replied with the same look on his face and the same quiver in his voice, "can I get you anything?" "I....I don"t think so." Robyn stammered fighting to keep her eyes above Kit"s waist. Robyn then turned away stiffly and stood on the circle on the floor which was the platform and told it to go down. She reached for the ladder and attempted to climb it but fell from the platform, she"d missed the ladder completely. Sportacus" crystal blared and he looked up to see Robyn falling through the air. He shook his head and ran to catch her yet again tumbling to the ground when he caught her. "Robyn, are you ok?" Sportacus asked getting up and walking the short distance to Robyn. Robyn sat up and looked a little surprised to see herself on the ground, "how did I get down here?" she thought aloud still oblivious to Sportacus. "You tried climbing down the ladder but missed it. Are you ok?" Sportacus repeated but when he saw the same dreamy expression Robyn had had two days ago on her face he gave in. Robyn turned back to him two minutes later and seemingly coming to herself looked up at Sportacus, "hello," she said smiling and then looked around herself and found she was sitting on the ground, "what am I doing down here?" Sportacus suppressed a chuckle and shook his head, "you tell me." He replied before running off to do more exercises. Robyn shrugged and picked herself up from the ground. She looked up at the airship and shook her head to dispel any daydreams that were coming on before heading off to her flower garden. Today was the day of the week she put a flower on the spot her father died. Kit climbed down the ladder of the airship hastily, he"d gotten dressed as fast as he could with his brain addled by embarrassment. He wanted to find Robyn to talk to her about it and apologise. He wasn"t angry with her for walking in on him and was angry with himself for being silly enough to not use a towel. Sportacus met him at the bottom of the ladder and seemed to have an uncharacteristically stern look on his face. "She must have told him,' Kit thought to himself and prepared to face the music. "I am so sorry Sportacus. I didn"t know she was there and I wasn"t wearing a towel. She saw everything." Kit confessed and was extremely surprised when Sportacus laughed at him. "What"s so funny?" Kit asked with a hint of confusion in his voice. Sportacus stopped laughing long enough to say, "Robyn tried climbing down the ladder but didn"t grab it and when I caught her she was in a day dream. I wondered what had happened." "She was ok though?" At Sportacus" nod he continued, "Do you know where she went? I want to apologise." Sportacus cleared his throat trying to stop further laughter, "she"ll be at her flower garden now I guess then she"ll be where Robbie died. She lays a flower there every week. I"d go straight there so you catch her." Kit nodded his thanks and walked off to where he remembered the spot to be silently hoping that he didn"t find Robyn sprawled out like she had been before. It took him five minutes to reach the billboard and when he got there he saw Robyn sitting on the ground with a flower in her hand. Moving closer he saw she was crying and more or less jogged over to her. When he got to Robyn he sat down in front of her. "What"s wrong princess?" He asked in concern. "You shouldn"t be crying today, it"s your birthday. It"s a big one too, your eighteenth." "I don"t want it to be my birthday." Kit frowned a little, "why not?" "Because I have to be happy and I"m not. I"ll get lots of things when there"s only one thing I want but can"t have." "What"s that?" Kit asked somehow knowing the answer. "I want my daddy," Robyn was crying harder now and Kit moved himself closer to her. He took her up in his arms and whispered words of comfort in her ear. She was crying so hard he thought his own heart would break and could feel every ounce of her pain. He continued whispering comforting words to Robyn and eventually her crying ceased. He looked at her and brushed away tears that still clung to her cheeks; he could still see tears in her eyes and brushed those away as well. Robyn smiled faintly at him and he smiled back, before releasing her from his arms he gave her a kiss on each eye lid. She was about to say something which he knew would be some sort of apology but stopped her by pressing a finger to her lips. "You know what I think you should do? Take some time for yourself and go to the cemetery for a little while. I know it sounds weird but talk to him. Say everything to him that you never did, he might not be able to hear you but at least it"ll have been said. I"ll concoct some story if anyone asks where you are." Whilst Kit spoke he brushed Robyn"s hair away from her face. Robyn smiled again at Kit and kissed him before doing as he"d suggested she do. She turned round to see Kit watching her and then carried on her way to the cemetery. The walk to the cemetery took between twenty to thirty minutes depending on the person. Robyn arrived there twenty minutes after she"d set off and automatically found Robbie"s grave. She knelt down in front of it and placed the flower she"d intended to put on the place where he"d died right in front of the headstone. Remembering what Kit had told her to do she tried to find words to say but none came. After a few moments she asked a question she"d always wanted answered. "Why did you leave me?" Robyn asked feeling fresh tears on her cheeks. "I didn"t mean to leave you Robyn." An all too familiar voice said from behind her, a voice she hadn"t heard for a long long time. Robyn turned and saw an extremely familiar man standing some few metres behind her, "Daddy?" She asked in stunned wonder not knowing what was going on. Robbie nodded, it was he. Robbie took a few steps towards Robyn but took a step back when she stood up and moved behind his headstone. Something told him he"d come back too soon and scared her. Whatever he did now would determine whether or not he could resume his relationship with his daughter. He held out both hands palms facing upwards in an age old gesture which said he meant her no harm. He was a little disappointed to see that this had no affect at all and that Robyn hadn"t moved. She stared at him as if trying to work out whether or not what she saw was real. "You"re dead." Robyn said at last hoping that this spectre would return from whence it came, her imagination. "You"re right." Robbie answered trying to gauge Robyn and not say too much at once. "What are you doing here? Am I dreaming this?" "No you"re not. You have a gift Robyn, a gift that allows you to see and speak to spirits of those that have passed on. You can see what happened to them, like what happened the other day. You saw and felt how I died, its part of the gift." "Where did I get this gift from?" "You were born with it. Can you remember fourteen years back when you were on the mountains and saw those flickers you thought were tricks of the light?" At Robyn"s nod he continued, "That was your gift at its most basic form. As you"ve grown it"s grown and you can now see those flickers for what they really are. You have no idea how long I"ve waited for this." Sensing it was safe he took two more steps forward and this time Robyn didn"t walk away but moved from behind the headstone to stand in front of it. After a few more seconds Robyn walked closer to Robbie and stopped not more than a foot away from him. She looked deep into his eyes and studied the face she"d known so well in childhood. He hadn"t changed at all from how she remembered him but then realised that he wouldn"t have grown old as he was just a spirit. "Can I touch you?" Robyn whispered slowly raising a hand. Robbie shook his head sadly and wished he could hug Robyn when she lowered her head and fresh tears formed in her eyes. Every time over the last fourteen years he"d seen her cry it ripped him to pieces because he could do nothing to comfort her. At least now he could talk to her but it wasn"t the same as having actual physical contact. "Do you have any idea how proud of you I am?" Robbie asked and the ache in his heart lessened when Robyn looked up at him again. She shook her head in response. "You are so beautiful and have grown up so well. You have so much love in you and care so much about other people. You have grown beyond any of my expectations of how I thought you"d be at this age. I admire your spirit the most and the way it"s knocked over but never crushed. I love you so much and have waited so long to be able to talk to you. You can"t imagine how hard it"s been to watch you grow up from a distance and never to be able to help you." Robbie continued. His face fell again when he could see that Robyn had taken his pain on board and he tried to think of a way to cheer her up. Uncharacteristically of Robbie he came up with a solution in seconds, "tell me about this young man I"ve seen you with." Robyn smiled shyly and a slight blush touched her cheeks, "He"s called Kit. He"s twenty one years old and an orphan like me. His parents died in a fire and he was in a boarding school at the time. He managed to escape Mr Snail and has been a drifter ever since." Robbie nodded understanding then smiled a little, "you like him don"t you?" Robyn"s blush grew as did her smile, "Yes. I like him a lot, an awful lot. The moment I saw him something just clicked and every time I see him my heart pounds like a hammer. He also makes me feel really happy. I want to tell him how I feel but I"m worried it might scare him away." Robbie nearly chuckled; he knew exactly what Robyn was talking about and recognised the atypical symptoms of love at first sight. Sharing this time with Robyn and being part of her life again felt wonderful. He knew she was wanted at the Mayor"s house for dinner and it pained him to have to send her away but it was easier this time knowing that he"d see her again when she was alone. "A little birdie tells me that there"s a surprise waiting for you at the Mayor"s house. I"ll come to see you again when you"re alone, you"ll be able to see me all the time now when I"m around." Robbie said motioning back towards town. Robyn was about to give Robbie a kiss on the cheek but remembered she couldn"t touch him so blew him a kiss instead before heading back to town. Her heart swelled in her chest and for the first time in her life she felt complete. Robyn made it back to town in time for her dinner and when she saw Kit ran to greet him with a hug. Kit hugged back and felt extremely glad that his suggestion had worked and that Robyn was obviously feeling better. He was impressed at Robyn"s impeccable timing at returning and had been worried about covering for her as he knew he was rubbish at lying. Once their hug was over Kit took Robyn by the hand and walked with her into the Mayor"s house but told her to close her eyes before they entered. Everyone except Kit and Robyn went to stand at the far end of the kitchen. When everyone was in position Kit told Robyn to open her eyes and she looked around with awe. The kitchen had been decorated with sparkly purple and silver streamers and there was a big banner stretching across the kitchen cupboards which read, "happy birthday Robyn" in big silver letters. The kitchen counter was laid out like a buffet so everyone could choose what they wanted to eat. Candles had been placed in the centre of the table in a decorative way and with the lights dimmed the room looked magical. Soft music which played in the background completed the scene and Robyn smiled when she saw everyone standing under the banner. Robyn walked over to them and gave each of them a great big hug, these were her friends, her family and all that she could ever need. Kit had followed her and she hugged him too. Before everyone got too distracted the Mayor declared dinner was served and handed everyone a plate. Robyn served herself first and everyone followed choosing their own things before sitting at the table. Robyn sat at one end of the table and Kit had been placed at the other both of them being something of guests of honour. Everyone ate in relative silence with the odd bit of conversation here and there. Once everyone had had their fill of food it was time for the presents.