another red one went running past and over to the one sitting on the wall. He looked very much alike the red one sitting on the wall. They were both in school uniform, (so they should be) and had sneakers on. But the second one that had gone whizzing past Neo was carrying some sort of stick, which he or she put on one end of the wall, then sat down next to the other red one who didn"t look very pleased about it. As Neo and Crash got to the bus stop the second red one leapt up in the air and began to shake Neo"s hand really hard. Neo thought his arm was going to end up being separated from the rest of his body. Jaleal: (Still shaking Neo"s hand) I"m so glad to meet you. My name"s Jaleal. What"s yours? (Stops shaking his hand) Neo: Neo. Year eight. What year are you in? Jaleal: Cool Man. I"m in year eight too. So is my brother. (Turns round to his double behind him) Aren"t you Knuckles? Knuckles: Shut up Jaleal. Jaleal: (Suddenly notices Crash picking up his twig) Nooooo! Don"t touch that you have no idea. Before Jaleal could say what he was going to say a bolt of what looked like purple lighting shot out of one end of the stick, sending Crash flying backwards into the hedge, Jaleal dived onto the floor, and Neo was shoved onto the floor out of the bolt"s way by Knuckles who had dived onto the floor as well. Jaleal: Look what you"ve done now, you dipstick! Knuckles: Neo, you and that other one stay on the ground. Jaleal set your spirit catcher onto load. (Jaleal crawls along the floor, gets the stick and pushes a green button on the side of it) Now when I say go, I"ll hit it until it becomes faint and collapses on the floor then you suck it into the spirit catcher. Okay? (The large bolt of lighting or whatever it was, was circling around in circles above them) Three.Two.One.GO! The very second Knuckles stood up the purple bolt shot straight towards him at it"s top speed, Knuckles just managed to avoid being hit, then turned and punched it. The bolt went spiralling through the hedge, through someone"s fencing, through a garden shed, and hit the side of the house opposite the garden shed. Knuckles quickly grabbed the spirit catcher from Jaleal and pointed it towards the bolt. But the bolt had other ideas. It dodged the green mist that came out the spirit catcher and zoomed towards Jaleal, who dived on to the floor, and the bolt hit someone else"s flowerbed of red roses, which weren"t red after the bolt landed on them. Knuckles dived onto the flowerbed and was punching the bolt until it was flat against the burnt flowers, then Knuckles pushed a blue button on the spirit catcher, but before the blue mist touched the bolt, it shot off again. Knuckles: SHIT! The bolt seemed out of control, it shot out of the flowerbed, in through one of the house"s windows, out through the chimney, and back towards Knuckles, who pressed the blue button again. This time he hit it, and the bolt turned into a bolt of black lighting trapped inside a block of ice. Then Knuckles pushed the green button, which turned the bolt back to purple inside the block of ice, and then he pressed a yellow button, which opened up one end of the stick. The bolt flew into the stick, the lid closed as Knuckles was sent flying backwards into bus stop sign, leaving it rather bent near the bottom. Jaleal ran over, picked up the stick and pressed a yellow button. A small gap appeared on the side of the stick and the water from the ice block trickled out. Knuckles breathed a sigh of relief. Knuckles: Thank god that"s over. You two can stand up now. Neo: (Standing up) Whoa! What was that? Knuckles: (Now panting heavily like a dog) That my friend, is called a spirit catcher. That purple bolt is called the Bolt of Furry; it has a very high source of energy. As I"m sure you can see. It will damage and always break anything in its way. As you can see by looking at the damage it"s done. (Neo looks at the damaged gardens and houses around them) If it was to hit you or that idiot over there, (Points at Crash with his finger) you would be badly burnt and have little blisters all over you. That would only happen if it was extremely weak. Neo: What if it was at its full strength? Knuckles: It would ram into you and sent you flying towards the hardest thing that was closest to you, for instance that wall over there, (Points towards a wall on the opposite side of the house) or even the house. It would make sure you went straight threw it, then it would set you on fire, if you managed to survive that, it would electrocute you by sending five hundred volts into you. That bolt though was only half strength so it would shove you into a fence or that garden shed that"s collapsed over there in that garden, and send two hundred and fifty bolts into you. Which could have killed you. Neo: GOD! Brio: (Running towards Neo and Crash) Hi Neo! Hi Crash! Who are you? (Points at Knuckles) Knuckles: My name is Knuckles, him over there, (Points at Jaleal) he"s my brother called Jaleal. And we are both in year eights. (Collapses on the floor) Brio: Was it something I said? Chapter 2 Neo loses Coco Everyone on the bus was as normal as they were before the new term. Tiny and Tara were still going out with each other, Dingodile and Taradile were still planning to get married, Trophy still sat on the back seat with all the girls such as Liz, Ani, Isabelle, Isabella, Megumi, Crystal, Roxz and Mel, Taz and Crash sat upstairs like they used to. But where Neo used to sit, there was what looked like a white cat with very large ears sitting all by herself, reading a book called "Midnight hour of the Bats by M.T. Rat." Rather than Neo being rude, he decided to sit next to her. Seen as no one else was sitting in their usual places minding their own businesses as per usual. As Neo sat down next to her, she marked her place, put it in her bag, and turned to face Neo. She had a white face, apart from a brown peachy coloured part around her mouth. She had a small upwards pointing nose, small white fangs like a cat, (Neo decided she was a cat) large eyes with purple-blue eye shadow, extremely large ears, and she had a pair of bat-like grey wings sitting out of her back through her uniform, which she had sticking out over the edge of the seat. She slightly smiled, as she looked Neo up and down. Neo: Hi there! My name"s Neo, what"s yours? The cat still stared at Neo. Neo asked her again. Neo: My name is Neo. N-E-O. That"s how you spell Neo. What is your name? Rouge: Neo. My name is Rouge. Rouge the bat. Neo: Right. Well, I thought you were a cat that"s all. Know anyone here? Rouge: Neo. Knuckles. I love Knuckles. (Turns towards Knuckles sitting opposite them) Oh, Knuckles! Knuckles: (walks over and sits in the space between Neo and Rouge) Why, Rouge. You look awfully, beautiful. More beautiful than when I last saw you. (Puts his arm round Rouge) And you"re a very sneaky little bat. But you"re gorgeous. Extremely gorgeous. (Lifts Rouge onto his lap and puts his other arm round her waist) I wrote a poem for you. Want to hear it? Rouge: (Leans on Knuckles and puts her arms round him) Oh, Knuckles you"re so romantic. Tell me your poem about me. Knuckles: Your hair is like velvet cushion, your body like the ocean current. Here I sit with you on my lap. Without Knuckles realising the bus indicated into Crash"s usual bus stop, where Crash"s sister, brother and girlfriend Coco, Squid and Tawna, Taz"s sister Ami, Nathan and Oxy Gin, and a load of new kids were getting on the bus. Neo moved further down the bus with Nathan and Coco. Coco immediately started moaning. Coco: It"s awful Neo. There"s this new girl who lives in that house down the road that used to be for sale, and she has been picking on me all day. (A Pink hedgehog gets on the bus) There she is! (Points at the pink hedgehog) Neo: (Looks at what Coco"s pointing at) What did she do? Fall in a can of pink paint? Neo, Nathan and Coco started laughing at Neo"s joke. But down at the front of the bus, Knuckles didn"t notice the pink hedgehog until it was too late. Knuckles: And as the priest calls out the names of the married couple. He says, "The married pair, Knuckles the Echidna and." (Suddenly looks up to see the pink hedgehog) SONIA!! Rouge: (Looks at the pink hedgehog as well) SONIA!! Sonia: (Looking at Knuckles) KNUCKLES!! (Sees Rouge) ROUGE!! Knuckles: (Stands up and drops Rouge on the floor) This is not what it looks like Sonia. (Starts walking backwards towards the stairs on the bus) Rouge was just.she was just.ermm.look Sonia I wasn"t. Sonia: Do you think I"m stupid? You were asking Rouge out. Weren"t you? (Walks right up to Knuckles"s face, so their noses were touching) WEREN"T YOU??? Knuckles: No. I was practising.our English project. It"s called.ermm.oh I think someone"s calling me from upstairs, Bye!! (Knuckles runs upstairs, Sonia runs after him) Neo: God, she is one bloody bitch. Coco: Hang on. I"m going out with that red guy! Neo: WHAT!? Coco: Long story Neo. I met him in the park opposite our old primary school, he just seemed so sweet. And you always told me that red is the best colour to have, he was red, he asked me out, how could I say no? Neo: Just say it, duh! Coco: Well, I"m off to see him. Bye! Coco puts her stuff on one of the racks, and then walks upstairs. As soon as Coco went upstairs, Rouge the Bat walked over to Neo and Nathan. Rouge: Hi Neo! Where"s Coco off? Neo: She"s off out with Knuckles. Rouge: How can she? I"m going out with Knuckles! Neo: Not my problem. Rouge went all huffy puffy, and marched upstairs to where Knuckles was getting kinda stuck. Rouge: (Facing Knuckles) Alright you have a lot of explaining to do. Why are you going out with Coco instead of me? Sonia: Well for your information, Rouge. Knuckles is going out with me! Coco: You"re both wrong! Knuckles is going out with me, he asked me out when I was in the park. So there you pink cotton candy pillow! And you the old granny! Sonia: Who are you calling a pink cotton candy pillow, you blonde haired dipstick! Rouge: You can talk Sonia! Sonia: Keep out of it you old hag! Rouge: You think you"re so cool, just because your Mom"s the Queen, and you"re a princess. Well you"re not!! Knuckles: WILL YOU THREE BE QUIET!!!!! (Everyone goes quiet) Thank you. Right I will go out with all three of you. Sonia: NO! You have to pick one of us. Knuckles: Oh, fine then. Well first of all, Sonia. You already have two boys. You"ve got your other two triplets, to love and to look after. Sonia: For your information, Sonic is gay and Manic is wet! Plus they"re both at the police station today with our Mom! Knuckles: Well, I"m going out with (Puts one hand over his eyes and points at Coco with his other hand) Coco Bandicoot. Sonia: WHAT!? (Slaps Knuckles across his face and walks off downstairs) Rouge: (Slapping Knuckles as well) I hope you"re happy! (Follows Sonia downstairs) Coco: Don"t worry Knuckles, I love you! (Kisses Knuckles then walks back downstairs) Knuckles: Oh, god. Chapter 3 Neo"s worst enemy Neo and Crash entered their new form room. B9 with Miss Bardsley. In the classroom there were all Neo"s old classmates, plus the new starters. There was Croc and Randy, Spyro and Siyro, Green Muffin and Blue Muffin, Knuckles was there, and so was Taz, Max the Raccoon, Jhin, Dipsy, Matthew, Dracina and Elora the fawn. Before Neo even saw her, Sonia shoved past him, knocking all Neo"s stuff out of his hands. Sonia: Move it you! Neo: (Completely ignores Sonia and collects up all his stuff) Crash, go sit down, I"ll be right there. Crash goes to sit down, and as soon as Neo finishes collecting up all his stuff, someone else who was all blue, in school uniform came running into the classroom and ran into Neo. This time Miss Bardsley was watching. Miss B: SONIC HEDGEHOG!! (Neo looked behind him to see someone who looked like Sonia but was blue) Sonic: Looks at Neo) Ooops! (Stands up and looks at Miss Bardsley) Now, Miss. I was late for school because my brother and Mom had to take us to the police station. Mom is coming with Manic once he"s calmed down. He"s at the front of school having a tantrum. (Looks back at Neo who has just finished collecting all his stuff together again) Sorry! (Walks over to Sonia and sits down) Miss B: Now the class is going to take it in turns to come up to the front and tell us a little bit about yourselves. Okay, Crash. Off you go. Crash: (Stands at the front of the class) Well, my full name is Crash Oliver Bandicoot, I have a sister called Coco Victoria Bandicoot, and a half brother called Squid James Bandicoot. My girlfriend is called Tawna Bandicoot, and my friends are Neo, Spyro, Croc and Randy. (Sits back down in his place) Miss B: Thank you Crash. Now, new beginners, Crash was showing us a small demo of what you will now tell us. Now rather than a big commotion, you will each come up and say what you wish to say. Now.(A black Hedgehog walks in) Why Shadow, you made it. Would you please take a seat next to Bart? (Shadow sits next to Bart) Thank you. Now could.Jaleal Echidna.please tell us about you? Jaleal: My name is Jaleal, and I"m an Echidna. Bart: What"s an Echidna? Jaleal: An Echidna is an Australian Hedgehog, that has flat spikes, a long nose, and its ears are hidden, beneath their spikes. We can climb, swim, and dig and if you class gliding as a style of flying, we can fly as well, for quite long distances. Knuckles is an Echidna as well. (Points at Knuckles) He guards the master Emerald. And all the Spirit Bolts. Can I sit down now miss? Miss B: Yes you may. Now it"s.Knuckles Echidna. Please tell us about yourself. Knuckles: My great grandfather is called Athair; Jaleal is my brother, my dad"s called Locke, and my Mom"s called Lara-Lee. I don"t want to say any more. Thank you miss. Miss B: Very well. Next is.Manic Hedgehog.(No one moves) Is Manic Hedgehog present today? Sonia: Miss, he is here he"s at the local police station with our Mom she said he would be in the front of school, because she would drop him off on her way up to the castle with the police men to look for some things in his room. He should be down at the office by now. (Dr Lefley walks in) Dr L: Miss Bardsley, Manic is down at my office, he"s having a bit of a tantrum at the moment. He won"t talk to the policemen or anyone else. He"s just curled up on the floor crying. (Walks back out of the room) Miss B: Very well. Could.Shadow Hedgehog come up please? Shadow: My name is Shadow and my mate was Maria, she has now gone, left me behind. Ooooh! The tragedy! Ooooh! (Sits back down again) Miss B: Thank you Shadow. Now could Sonia please tell us about herself? Sonia: (Standing up at the front of the class) HI! My name is Princess Sonia Hedgehog, I have three brothers. They"re called Prince Mase, Prince Sonic and Prince Manic. Mase is the oldest, and then it"s Sonic, then me, then Manic, who is the baby of our family. My mom is called Queen Aleena and my dad is called King Masevrar. We own a house on the end of Norwood Avenue and a huge castle called Worse Castle, but I don"t know where it is in the world. But it"s pretty far away. It"s where our dad is staying to rule whereever; Mom goes up to visit him at times with my little brother, Manic. Ummm.I can play the keyboard, Sonic can play an electric guitar and Mase and Manic can play the drums. I"m done now. (Sits back down) Miss B: Sonic Hedgehog please. Sonic: (Standing up and interrupting Miss Bardsley) Thank you miss. My name is Sonic Maurice Hedgehog, my best friend is a two-tailed fox called Miles Prower, but he likes to be called Tails. I am the fastest Hedgehog on Mobius, and everything else that Sonia said. (Sits down again) Miss B: Well that was very brief. Bart Simpson please. Bart: (walks to the front of the class) Man, I have one thing to say to Sonic. (Turns around to face the board and bends over) MESSAGE FOR WET BOY SONIC, EAT MY SHORTS!!! (Shakes his bum) Miss B: BART!! THAT IS UNEXCEPTABLE!! Bart: Sorry, you probably will take it as a compliment though. Miss B: BART!! Bart: Sorry. Miss B: Anyway onto the new seating arrangements. (The class all groan) Now on the first table we shall have.Max Raccoon and Bart Simpson.Jaleal Echidna and Spyro Dragon.Taz Mania and Croc Gobbo.Rouge Bat and Sonia Hedgehog.Knuckles Echidna and Manic Hedgehog.Randy Gobbo and Siyro Dragon.Shadow Hedgehog and Crash Bandicoot.and finally Neo Cortex and Sonic Hedgehog. (Everyone sits down in their seating arrangements, then the bell rings for the first lesson) Off you go class. Bart behave yourself, Sonic don"t get into any trouble. Chapter 4 Bart V Manic First day back at school, and they had Maths with Ms Strict. And as usual she was in a bad mood. Worse still, the year eight mini maths test was supposed to be in three weeks. Ms Strict changed it to that very lesson. Just as Ms Strict sat down to take the register, Manic came in and looked as though he had just been crying. Ms Strict: Young man, where have you been? Manic: I"ve been. Ms Strict: (Not letting Manic finish what he was trying to say) You are three minutes late. I do not approve of lateness. Now if you would like to sit down over there next to Lynx, and no talking. If I catch anyone talking, or even passing notes to each other, Crash Bandicoot, you will be in a lunchtime detention. Now silence for the register. (They were quiet anyway) Crash.yes.Neo.yes.Siyro.yes.Spyro.yes.Globox.yes.Croc.yes.Randy.y es.Lynx.yes.Somic.yes.Taz.yes.Max.yes.Rayman. yes. Now the new people I will call out your name and you will put your hand up. Rouge Bat.(The bat sitting next to Somic put her hand in the air).Jaleal Echidna.(The reddish-orange thing sitting next to Crash put his hand in the air).Knuckles Echidna.(Knuckles put his hand in the air).Tikal Echidna.(The smartly dressed orange girl in the corner put her hand up in a posh manner).Amy Rose Hedgehog.(Amy stood up and curtsied).Prince Manic Hedgehog.(Manic had been leaning on his chair for the past five minutes, and because Ms Strict literally barked orders and names, Manic sort of jumped and fell off his chair at the same time) Manic: (getting off the floor) Yes Miss. Ms Strict: Now that serves you right young man. You don"t swing on chairs, and you refer to me as Ms Strict only, no miss or anything. Manic: (sitting on his chair again) Yes Ms. Strict. Ms Strict: Good. Now where was I? Oh, yes. (Shadow put his hand up in the air before Ms Strict even opened her mouth) Now that"s the kind of behaviour and quick reactions I need Shadow. You"re going to do very well this year. Princess Sonia Hedgehog.yes I know you.I met you when I was inspecting the castle, you were with your mum, Queen Aleena. Anyway, Prince Sonic Hedgehog.I know you as well, you and Manic were egging my car whilst I was talking to your mother and Sonia. And Bart.I"ve heard quite a lot about you so far. And I hope it"s not true. Now the papers on the desks in front of you, are your mini tests for Maths. (Mini test wasn"t really the word for a thirty-two pages long booklet) You may begin the test now. I will be back within ten minutes, I"ll be down at the lower school office, Mr Else said he needed to talk to me about Manic Hedgehog"s behaviour recently. (Stands up and walks out of the classroom) Bart waited until she had turned at the end of the corridor, before thinking of getting someone into a lot of trouble. He was twiddling his pencil between his fingers when something shiny caught his eye. As he turned he saw a green book, about half the size of their planners, with a gold label at the top. As Bart was looking at it more closely it said; "Prince Manic Hedgehog. Age 7 & a half. Diary." Bart looked to see if anyone had noticed, no one had, then quickly grabbed it and stood on the teacher"s desk at the front. Manic: Hey, give that back! Bart: Hey, everyone! (Everyone looked up at Bart) Wanna know who Manic fancies? Neo: Go on then. Manic: (Trying to get it back) You read any of that and I"ll kill you! Bart: I"m scared. Prince Manic Hedgehog. Age seven and a half years old. January the seventh. I wet the bed during the night; I figured out that I drank too much before going to bed. Mase says I need a nappy, he"s only joking. (Turns to Manic) Well I think he means it, you"re the wettest kid in the world. Only wet people are green. LIKE YOU!! Manic: (Starting to get upset) GIVE IT BACK!!! Bart: (skips through some of the pages, which were a very delicate silver paper, also very expensive) Oh, this one"s the last thing you wrote, during the summer holidays. August the fourth, of this year. I fancy.OH, EVERYONE LISTEN TO WHO MANIC FANCIES.KNUCKLES THE ECHIDNA!!! (Everyone starts laughing and pointing at Manic and Knuckles, all that is except Sonic, Manic, Knuckles, Sonia, Rouge and Shadow) GAY BOY! GAY BOY! MANIC IS A GAY BOY!! Manic: (Starting to cry now) That is not true, I don"t fancy Knuckles, and I am not GAY!!! (Screams really loudly at Bart, practically deafening those in close range) Rouge: Oh, come on Bart. Give it back to him. Bart: Hmmmm.NO! Shadow: (Getting hold of Bart"s collar) You listen to me mate, he is a prince. Prince of Mobius, you give that back to him or I will set anyone out of Sleet, Dingo and Ivo Robotnik onto you! HAVE YOU GOT THAT? Ms Strict: (Walking back in the class) WHAT ON EARTH IS GOING ON IN HERE? (Sees Shadow holding Bart against the board, Manic